Hello freaks.
Are we on?
I don't see it doesn't show to me silly Ustream.
What the fuck is going on ladies and gentlemen?
Yeah.
Today's podcast brought to you by [inaudible] Dot com that's o.
N.
I.
T.
Um,
we just started getting these new things in that aren't not weapons.
Okay.
And uh,
Brian keeps accusing them.
Yeah.
Uh,
being weapons just because their clubs and Macy's just because it would really
help you if the,
if the apocalypse went down and we went back to sword fighting.
Okay.
You would want to use one of these steel maces that we're carrying around these
days.
We're selling these club bells and steel maces and of course kettle bells.
What all these things are his functional strength equipment.
And there's two things that are super important to know when you're doing any
kind of weightlifting.
And one is the correct form.
I can't stress this enough.
If you can afford it,
hire a trainer.
You only have to do it like once.
Pay Attention,
write shit down and tell him to give you three or four simple exercises,
clean press,
real simple things to know about where to place your weight and how to keep your
posture.
No those,
study those and live by those.
It's one of the most important things about strength training.
Don't be an idiot.
Use proper discipline and use proper form.
Cause if you don't,
you're going to get hurt.
Okay?
That's number one.
And number two,
if you want to get in serious shape,
there is no better exercises than exercises that use your whole body.
Those are the kinds of exercises that when you,
you,
you take it and you can translate it almost immediately to any sort of athletic
activity.
Whereas like muscle specific exercises like bench press or you know,
or curls more,
you know,
along those lines,
those,
they make your arms bigger,
they make it a little stronger,
but it's not the same as working your whole body in one as one group.
That's what kettlebells are all about.
That's what these steel Macy's are all about.
And,
um,
uh,
we have medicine balls and those kind of activities are the activities that
translate into everyday life and to sports.
So that's the kind of shit we sell along with different,
the best protein powder you can buy ham force protein powder,
different supplements,
but brain supplements,
endurance supplements,
uh,
immune system supplements,
all literally the best shit we can get our hands on.
We sell it to you.
Killer be hunting.
We don't give a fuck.
Okay.
We're selling killer bee honey.
We're jacking killer bees,
taking their honey and then selling it.
And a,
if you go to [inaudible] dot com and use the code name Rogan,
you save yourself 10% off any and all supplements this Thursday night in San
Diego,
California.
Um,
that's tomorrow.
The,
yeah,
right.
It's tomorrow,
tomorrow,
tomorrow night.
Brian is going to be at the American comedy company with a bunch of really funny
guys that are friends of ours,
like Tony Hinchcliffe who was fucking hilarious.
Really one of my favorite young guys coming up.
Jason Tebow and awesome dude.
A very,
very funny comic to Billy.
Now,
another very funny comic and Yoshi.
So,
uh,
you guys have a hell of a show and it's one of the coolest clubs in southern
California.
That American comedy company is a sweet little spot down in San Diego.
All right.
Yeah.
If you listen to this and you're in La,
we got a show tonight at the Pasadena Ice House.
It's Ari Shaffir,
Ian Edwards in me,
and it's going to be at 10 o'clock.
So that's a,
it's only few now.
A few hours from now.
All you fucks Shane Smith's here when we're fixing to get busy,
we're going to get,
we're going to get you to you with it.
We're going to throw it up.
We're going to put it down.
I would just like to say whatever,
uh,
powders,
it starts already pretty amazing.
The Joe Rogan experience.
Try it by day.
Joe Rogan podcast by night all day.
Shane Smith,
ladies and gentlemen,
the powerful Shane Smith of vice.com,
one of my favorite human beings on the face of the earth.
And you are here,
sir.
It is a pleasure.
Thank you.
I was just going to say whatever powders and supplements you're selling,
I'm buying because you're fucking Jack.
Shit Dude.
Looking very sexy,
right?
Shit.
Fucking kettlebells.
Get some sun.
Uh,
I haven't,
I was telling you haven't done Jujitsu in several months because of my back and
I feel I've never felt better.
It's amazing taking time off.
Jujitsu just does a body great.
So brutal.
It just,
it breaks you down.
It's so like everybody who does it,
he's always walking around like Ah,
something elbow.
Your knees fucked up your Ankle Jack,
you should have tapped.
Your wrist is fucked up.
Like everywhere you go it's,
but it's so,
it's so much fun.
I like to do it.
People like sort of sacrifice parts of their body up to a certain point.
The spine is a real issue though.
That's a scary one,
right?
You know,
back issues or how's your spine?
What's fine?
It's is a,
a minor bulge and it's getting better through I'm,
I'm doing this,
I'm disc decompression therapy where they hook you up to a machine and they
like,
it's like the slow pulling and pushing where it's slowly like separates your
spine.
And right now it's only like 19 pounds,
which sounds like a lot,
but it doesn't feel like anything back talk is so hot right now.
Doing a lot of backtalk lately.
Yeah.
I don't know why man.
It's on my mind.
No,
I fucked up my back,
but it's a supposedly the bottom left is fucking killing me.
It's either my intestines or there's something wrong with my back.
You got an eight son?
Yeah,
it might be.
That's where it starts.
It starts right there.
You Rub maps.
Um,
you know,
bas Rutten scared the shit out of me the other day.
That scared the shit out of me.
He's on his arm scaring the shit out of me.
Bosses had two neck surgeries and he's not getting signals to his right arm.
So his right arm shriveled up and they just recently fuse three of the discs in
his neck.
So this is a second surgery he's had on his neck and then the other day his arm
failed on them so there's another blockage so they have to go,
go in and figure out where the nerves are blocked.
Like that's scary shit.
He couldn't pick up a gallon of milk.
That's how bad it was.
He's,
yeah,
I have a,
a friend of mine who,
I have a place in Costa Rica,
a little surf shack and he went over on a wave and broke his neck in,
in the water broke and I came up with neglect and about three years ago I in the
exact same place,
went over,
came up like rubbed my face off like on the,
on the bottom and my neck hurt.
I went in to get a cat scan.
They're like,
yeah,
you have a hairline fracture,
you broke your neck three years ago.
And I've just been walking around going,
yeah,
I'm a Knicks a bit stiff.
Wow.
My God,
how bad ass or you know,
whatever.
Fucking us in there for like four months gone.
Yeah,
I can't really move it,
but you know,
whatever.
I'm not a pussy,
just walking around with a broken neck.
Well,
the other thing is I would use your fucking kettlebells,
whatever you journey.
We can just,
we,
uh,
talking about all of our ill,
I have a helmet headed,
a helmet,
headed flesh eating parasite in my colon.
Well,
I was supposed to get my hernia.
You,
you're like,
yeah,
no,
it's supposed to get my hernia fixed.
Right.
And so I was scheduled for surgery to get my hernia fixed.
And then I went to a tropical disease doctor and they're like,
no,
no.
If they push on that hernia,
you've got a fucker living in your bowels.
And if it,
if it,
if you push it onto it,
it'll perforate your bowels and you could die because this fucker's wedged in
there eating your flesh.
Whoa,
whoa.
There's something alive inside of me.
Like more,
I took lots of pill,
but it's like alien.
How big was it?
Well,
I,
I'm going to be honest,
I didn't look at my shit for three weeks because I was like,
I didn't want to see the fucker come out.
Why?
Why wouldn't you want to know what that looks like?
You've been all over the way that you've been to Karachi.
Mary's or mainly say that but these you say that but these things,
these things would make me not want to fuck.
Every year is not a fucking army of humans to keep me from looking at that shit.
I would have to note that fucking thing growing in my pilot.
You would not go anywhere else man.
That's,
that's so scary.
That's one of those things that show,
what does that show that the hidden enemy or something like that where people
get parasites.
It's man,
can't forget the name of it.
I wouldn't want to see it either cause you can't unsee that.
That shit will be in a while and see it.
I don't want to see it man.
I want to,
I want to see every time you
go to anywhere and have a glass of water or eat anything,
you're just thinking,
fuck I just got another one of those fuckers.
Oh my God.
How can you test for this?
Like,
cause I feel like I've had a million you should go
because I had bad Sushi wants it,
wants,
my stomach was fucked up and you should go.
You should go because
you'd get a Roto rooter go up there and usually like there's some Amoebas or
there's some shit going on.
This one's the next
you allowed to beat off while they're doing this.
If you're just listening to the doctors
like 90 years old,
but they won't even notice.
But have you rubbed maps?
They might have
this on.
It was a,
it was apparently quite as special.
A special pair of,
so I didn't,
I didn't want to see large,
large and,
and uh,
they look,
they look bad.
They look like an alien and the alien,
the Alien Ray Geiger.
Hr Giger,
yeah.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Dude.
What the fuck?
Well,
you know,
you're getting old when you're like,
I can't get my hernia operated on because the fucking parasites are too big.
That's not,
you know,
you're getting old,
you've eaten food rotten on the side of the road in the strangest parts of the
world.
It's actually kind of amazing that you're as healthy as you are when you
consider all the different nutty places ain't gone,
you know,
fucking healthiest shit.
We're just going to see fairly often.
Let's not blow each other.
Um,
the,
the idea of eating food and all these different places,
did it ever bother you before you had this parasite?
You know,
stupidly I eat street,
me and I eat fucking Oh,
fucking club.
They're doing it.
You'll do it.
Right.
How bombs in Afghanistan,
they're done.
And then what are they?
Who knows?
Right.
Well who knows what to keep.
I remember somebody said to me the first time I went to Afghanistan,
they were like,
don't whatever you do,
don't drink the green tea.
Cause they give you green tea everywhere you go.
But the problem is,
is if you refuse the green tea,
it's sort of like in a front,
it's like,
why?
Why would you not drink the green tea?
Because the water is very bad and maybe they didn't boil it.
And so it's very,
very bad for you.
And,
but if you,
if you say no,
it's like saying fuck you,
right?
You got to teach.
So savages about boiling water.
So listen,
listen,
wow.
Who'd be friends here?
We can be friends here.
Who knows what it is?
Basic motherfuckers make teeth basically.
It's the same thing.
Like when I was in Sudan,
they give you these like,
you know,
drinks like pomegranate juice,
but they've had just added water to it and then you're like,
you can't,
it's it really bad to say no and,
and,
and you're just like,
I can't say yes to anything.
And then explosive diarrhea,
is that what it is?
Well,
or is it worse?
I actually,
the tweets that I get the most response,
or like Shane's law,
which is,
you know,
the more you need a toilet,
the ratio is directly proportionate to how bad that toilet will be.
So for example,
when you have explosive diarrhea in west Africa,
guess what?
That toilet is just arking ropes of shit and Piss.
And whereas,
whereas in Sweden,
when you're having one lovely,
beautiful log and then one wipe wonder,
they have perfect,
beautiful,
clean toilet.
The smell of Jasmine,
you know?
And so that's literally like Murphy's law.
Shane's law is,
you know how bad you need to take a shit is directly proportionate to how bad
that toad it's going to.
Oh yeah.
Those trucks,
top toilets was once he goes,
stop,
pull it in west Africa,
what it must be like,
just holes in the ground.
Right.
Well actually are bad.
You can't actually get,
I personally can't even get into the room,
so I'll go outside into the bushes.
Oh Jesus Christ.
People are so fucking
gross at our lowest level were so disgusting.
You know,
like when you're at a concert and you go to a porter potty and this line of
people shitting into a pocket of blue water,
still bucket of blue water,
we're all pretending it's okay.
And as we walk up where
you would have figured all of our technology,
we could have figured out something better.
The only guys who really got assessed to the Japanese cars,
they have,
you know,
music.
Yeah.
And Fragrances and spray heated rings and they're really into their sort of
pleasure shitting.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
They truly are.
Yeah.
But the,
uh,
the people that have to shit into a hole in the ground,
well holding the ground would be better than,
than,
uh,
than a toilet that's just fucking overflowing.
Yeah,
it's true.
Yeah.
It's been baking in the sun,
I think.
Shy,
as long as it's a nice deep hole.
But then you worry about losing your watch,
you know,
like if some freak accident,
I don't know what you're doing down there.
You're watching some freak wiping accident.
You hit a route
near the whole or it's one of those sinkholes.
Oh,
that's a very good point.
Very good point.
Um,
that fucking sinkhole thing in Florida freak right now,
that scared the shit out of him.
Yeah,
that's a terrifying thing.
Yes.
They're fucking house.
Just a hole opened up underneath it and apparently it happens so often and have
Florida that you have to get insurance for if you have homeowners insurance.
But that's a good horror movie,
man.
That is the craziest.
Please.
There's a,
there's a big slum in Mexico that was built on a,
on a dump.
And the reason why it was a dump was because magically if you put your garbage
there,
which is a beer because,
because it was a swamp,
it was like this.
And so they kept just sort of dumping stuff and then as the garbage got got
hired,
they sort of started building houses on it and now,
but now like 100,000 people live there.
It's like a city but it's built on,
on garbage on the dump.
But th th the garbage was in a sinkhole.
So every once in a while they won't just have one or two houses.
They'll have like 10 houses just go.
Yup.
Oh
yeah.
What the fuck?
Yeah.
And it's weird how weird in uniform the holes.
Look Brian,
pull up some of the photos cause you can't believe it.
I think the big one was in Guatemala where it started swallowing up entire
blocks.
It's insane.
It just doesn't look real.
It's like a horror movie.
It's like all the sudden where your house is is a cliff going down and
everyone's walking around the edges looking down,
not knowing when it's going to expand,
if it's going to expand,
if it's gonna stay that way permanently and there,
look at that.
Look at that dude.
Come on.
That looks like a fucking meteor came from the moon,
sir,
and slammed into the earth.
We went to one of those in,
in Libya where they,
they actually have like cars or whatever or junk cars and they throw it in
because you can't hear it land.
It's so deep
here at land.
So they,
it's like a thing.
It's like it's,
you know,
oh,
you're here.
Let's go throw something into the bottomless pit.
How could they stand near that thing?
How could they be sure that stable?
We read through like some,
I dunno,
metal rods,
whatever.
We listened and you literally can't hear it hit.
That's how deep it is.
My balls hurt.
You just sang that my ball started hurting,
my ass started crumbling and Twitter,
I'm squeezing my toes.
What the fuck,
man?
Why does that happen?
They don't know.
Right?
They're not entirely sure.
Is that the case?
They use a variety of factors and aliens land in it and then when they called it
a sinkhole,
I think it's Illumio clay is,
is is,
it's a lot of cities are built on beside rivers and those rivers used to be
bigger and so there's this Illumio clay which is unstable and it just sinks
down,
but it sinks down like 102 hundred 57 times.
What the fuck man?
Or is a big one there?
Yeah,
Jesus Christ.
At least you could see the bottom of that one scared me.
All those people standing over there.
What the anywhere near that thing.
Who knows what's going to happen
just when it comes to the earth swallowing you.
Yeah,
I'm a little,
you know there's spots where that never happens.
I said go to those spots,
but you live in La.
I mean you're running shake a little rock and roll.
We'll be fine.
This shit never happens out here.
Oh look at that city.
It's just a big hole in it now that I said it never happens.
You know it's coming.
That's a pretty hot and people are going to blame me.
Wow.
Look at that whole holy fuck yeah.
You know,
a single floor dwelling,
very important,
a good move if you can afford it.
Um,
I think that's really the,
the safest thing and make sure your house is up to code and then you got to
build it into like a mountain side.
Like doctor,
no,
it's very possibly shit's going to get fucked up.
It's really all about staying alive and you got to think really realistically,
you've got to think,
if you live here,
it's very possible that every couple decades or so,
the fucking earth cracks the foundation of your house and your plumbing is
spraying water into the street and your power's out for a month.
You gotta be willing to accept that that's possible.
You are prepper.
No,
no.
I'm prepared slightly.
I'm prepared for like a few,
a few months of bullshit,
you know,
but I'm not like a stock and dried meat or anything.
Nothing.
I just think that there's no way that with all the possibilities of natural
disasters that we really don't take any consideration because the extent of our
history of like what we really know about what's taking place on the earth and
the amount of devastation that can occur over an enormous period of time.
Billions and billions of years where all these unique events which have been
documented throughout history where they're just starting to understand what
caused certain geographic features and what kind of cataclysmic affecting
yesterday
gone up over a Russia.
We missed two after that.
I wouldn't say I'm not a prepper,
but I will say this,
you know,
in,
in northern Canada,
they have these millions and millions of lakes,
like freshwater's nobody on them and know you can get to them all the things and
you're like,
if you have a few bucks stashed away and you can build like a,
you know,
a cottage on one of these fuckers with,
with pure water and stock them up,
you'd be stupid not to because if shit goes down right and you've got this lake
and this thing and it's hard to get to and all this stuff,
then then you can,
you can get the fuck up there.
It's just,
it's like hedging your bets.
You're just hedging your bets.
And the thing,
the only problem with it is if she does go down,
how the fuck you get up there.
That's the issue.
Well I think you should have a little bit of food at your house and your also
try growing your food if you can.
If you have a small patch in your backyard,
you'd be amazed what you can do with like pots.
We,
you know,
we started growing our stuff in pots,
just like large pots.
Right.
And you can grow like big vegetable plants.
You can get a lot of vegetables just from your garden.
Well we were just,
we were,
we were doing this,
a story on the world is sinking,
you know,
we went to the Maldives,
went to Venice,
we went to Greenland and then we were in New York City and actually interviewed
the deputy mayor and,
and I said,
you know,
you know sandy hit and,
and it was bad but you know,
it wasn't,
it was,
it was pretty fucking bad.
Like I was outside of my house,
you know,
waist high and water had a video of you stop watering by the Hudson right.
By my house yet.
So just floating hundreds of rats are shooting by.
But in a current,
can you pull that video up?
Cause the,
the images in occurrence,
that search warrant and a rat.
What is the,
a video,
what was the name of it?
Well that's for the HBO show.
So we haven't released it yet.
But you showed it to me.
Yeah,
I showed it to you.
You son of a bitch.
I can't put it online.
We can't show the people.
What about the people,
the good people out there,
the folks that are not privileged.
Yeah.
So Hudson went to to to,
to west Broadway and,
and I was sitting there and doing the standup and and all these,
you know,
rats are going by and,
and whatever.
But the thing,
what's interesting about New York was that it fuck shit up pretty bad.
But the fact is it's,
there was no gas.
You couldn't get gas.
No.
What it was,
it was like lineups and get gas.
The whole city,
you know,
it wasn't sure to shut down gas wise.
People are trying to get out and then you realize we're like one centimeter away
from everything fucking collapsing because you're like,
oh sure I got my fucking bolt hole up in Canada on the lake that stocked with
shotguns and time,
eat peas and seeds and then you're like,
how the fuck am I going to get there when there's no god damn gas.
And by the way,
you know,
you can't get out to the bridges and you can't get out of the tunnels.
The tunnels are fucking flooded.
And at that point you're sort of saying,
well I don't know what you're prepping for.
But if something bad like really cataclysmic happens worse,
we're fucked.
So in the,
I have some fun.
Yeah.
Have some fun as good.
Um,
be nice.
That's good to know.
So that when the shit hits the fan,
people want to show you where their basement is with their canned tomatoes,
you know,
you can develop a real sense of community.
It would actually be kind of something refreshing if you can actually ensure
that you weren't going to get attacked by roving hordes of outlaws that had
given up on society and it started robbing people.
But if we could,
you know,
if we had something to,
to,
not necessarily something that kills a bunch of people,
but something that gets everybody's scared enough to bond together.
We're really getting dark,
really quick.
Dark man.
We're like,
we went from zero to 60 years,
brother.
I don't even think it's getting dark.
I really don't,
brother,
let me tell you.
I don't,
I don't think it's getting dark.
That's the thing.
Yeah.
It used to be communities banded together to defend themselves from everybody
else who was trying to fuck them up.
That's the history of mankind.
That's why we're fighting all the time is because they were trying,
there was only a certain amount of carrots and they're trying to get your
carrots and you've got to defend your carrots and your kids can eat,
so it wasn't continual warfare and that was the community all supporting each
other.
That's also why we have this tremendous desire to be around each other.
This two men,
tremendous desire for community.
For Fellowship.
Exactly.
It's a part of our DNA.
That's why one of the worst things a person can be punished with solitary
confinement.
Exactly right.
It drives him nuts is what we have in literally drives and we literally drives
him nuts.
I said it just like you because you're Canadian and I wanted to be copper.
It's,
it's,
there's a horrific thing that happens to the mind when it's tortured without
human contact and you long for it because we really are not individuals.
So we're,
uh,
we're fibbers,
we pretend that we're rugged individualists so that we push forward,
uh,
you know,
an ego and a,
and a legacy and conquer and all that nonsense.
But at the end of the day,
you,
you must be around other people.
That's true.
I'm sorry.
Just said you go now,
please.
I mean,
you know,
I said it already.
I'm verbose.
Well,
my thing is,
you know,
we're,
uh,
we're learned species,
we learn most things,
but we are hardwired for,
for three basic things,
which is survive,
which is why people commit suicide.
They figure are crazy because you're going against your hard wiring.
So it's survive,
procreate,
right?
So we're hardwired to procreate and then protect the project.
So at the end you sit there and say,
okay,
if you're talking about protect the progeny,
history makes sense because that means if you're in these villages,
everyone sort of intermingle,
you know,
like your cousin and me and we're in and everybody,
all the kids are there and they're all planning.
So then you would fight to the death to protect the progeny cause that's
hardwired into our spinal fucking call.
Right?
So,
so that's why we have this innate desire to form these communities and to
protect these communities and I,
and and that's been the history of,
of,
of humankind.
It's only when sort of the nation state came and sort of had these supernational
entities guaranteed security theoretically that that politics and modern in the
modern form started.
But before that it was just about we're going to protect our,
yeah,
I
think if we could figure out how to truly recognize that all all people that can
speak English and that can follow a certain ethic just to,
just to be cool to people and just be friendly and be nice to be bold.
Just that attitude alone,
if that,
if that is possible to change,
if it's possible to peel people psychologically enough to where they don't lash
out at others,
like for whatever reason for their own mistakes,
for their own insecurities,
for their own fucked up childhood that they had no control over whatever it is,
the cost,
and we could figure out a way to communicate with those people and settle
everybody the fuck down.
I think you could make a tremendous difference in how this world is run.
I mean,
I think we're literally that close to it.
We,
the number one thing that was missing throughout all of human history was the
ability for all of us,
all of us to have a say,
all of us to be able to express ourselves,
all of us,
to connect all of us,
to figure out how to get information to and with no boundaries as far as like
some countries and time limp zones and and internet connections.
It's so free now that I feel like there's never been a time like this before
where people might have a chance of taking a step back.
It's just overcoming the amount of momentum that's behind it as far as tradition
and government and rules and regulations and how we've always done things and,
but if we could ever,
if we could just relax,
if everybody could just relax and understand that there's no secrets anymore as
far as where the oil comes from or where the money goes or whether it's no,
everybody can prosper.
There can be a way where instead of being insanely overbalanced where the money
is going to these foreign banks and all this crazy shit,
you guys would be happier to you.
Super rich guys if you had less money but no evil Karma to go with it.
I'm not you.
I'm talking about like banker type characters.
If you're a banker and you're one of those evil concept has a house in the
Hamptons and you have,
you know,
these people that are around you all the time and you've made $1 billion by
finagling your way through Wall Street and you're just this maniacal Gordon
Gekko type character,
you failed you,
you,
you got into a crazy game and you sort of decided that the numbers were more
important than people and some how.
Somewhere along the line you figured out a way to manipulate it to the point
where you're like,
what was his name?
The dude murder Madoff.
Bernie Madoff,
Bernie Madoff.
It where you just,
you don't give a fuck.
You're just stealing money from the system,
pulling it out.
I definitely agree with you that look,
it's all within our own.
I think somewhere along the line we forgot that it's in our power to do shit.
Yeah.
It's,
it's up to us to do shit.
And,
and I think that,
you know,
humans generally are capable of,
of incredibly,
you know,
I mean,
you see heroes every and incredibly sort of heroic feats and,
and,
and community sticking together and humanities digging me out,
all this stuff.
We're all so sadly capable of the most disgusting shit that you can fucking
possibly imagine.
And the,
the,
the problem that I have with what we're doing at vice now with our news and what
we're doing with the HBO show is,
you know,
we're going out into the world and we're seeing all this shit and you're like,
holy fuck,
we're fucking,
we can do some really,
really bad shit.
And I think that as people do bad shit,
it collectively brings humanity down,
right?
When you're using child,
you know,
children six,
seven,
eight years old to be suicide bombers or assassins,
that's collectively bringing humanity down.
And I believe what we have to do is we have to stomp that out.
We cannot let that fucking go on because,
because of modern day politics,
what happens is these kinds of of of heinous crimes are being,
you know,
sort of perpetrated all the time now.
And it's,
it's,
it's detrimental to humanity as a,
as a,
as a whole.
Unquestionably.
No,
I think no one could argue that the,
um,
the,
the real question is how to go about doing it and is,
is the,
the threat of that is,
it,
is,
is it cultivated?
But you can't do it,
but she can't get cars.
You can't do it militarily.
That's the problem.
Because it's like apocalypse now,
right.
And,
and they're like,
you know,
we went in and inoculated,
this is fiction by the way,
but we went in and knock,
you dated the arms and then the,
the,
uh,
you know,
the,
the Vietcong came in and cut the arms off and they're like,
you know,
the curt's when he's going crazy,
he's saying,
you know,
how are we going to win against that?
These are the kinds of things that we are capable of.
These are the kinds of things that are happening today.
That's fiction that well it's,
I mean it's,
it's,
it's fiction within the movie,
but you know when,
when it's,
it's,
the reason why I brought it up is I was actually,
when I was interviewing the Taliban and they were telling me about that they
were going to continue to use the child suicide bombers.
All I could think of was,
you know,
this,
this quote from the movie of if they're going to cut off the arms of their own
children because they were inoculated by an Americans,
then you know,
how can we win against that?
And I was thinking if they're going to send their own kids to be suicide bombers
and how are we going to win against,
then you definitely can't do it militarily because then it's just,
it's one upmanship who can be worse,
who can fuck the other guy up the most and you know about this and in,
in any kind of street fight.
Okay,
well you're beating me with fists and I'll use a bottle.
You're using a bottle is a knife.
When you're using a knife,
I'll use a gun.
Well.
That's why I always tell people like avoid conflict at all costs.
Always cause first of all,
so I'm going to want to be mad at anybody.
It's going to be crazier than UTS.
And we'll not only that,
nobody likes it when you kicked their ass.
It's not like they forget that.
No,
they make you their sworn enemy and they want to come back and get you right.
And a lot of times those situations where you make an enemy for life could have
been avoided if you went out of your way to be whatever,
more apologetic,
friendlier,
nicer,
understand his point of view and that.
And then he probably would concede a little bit too,
and then maybe get a drink and then maybe it could be friends.
I mean there's a lot of moments like that in life where it could go one way.
When you get in a fist fight with someone who that was totally avoidable,
but maybe you were in a shit mood because your girlfriend just dumped you.
Or maybe,
you know,
he said something that he wished he didn't say,
but he's fucking 22 and you say stupid shit.
You don't even really mean it.
You don't even know what the fuck you're doing.
You're just making noise with your mouth and practicing being a person,
you know.
And next thing you know you've got an enemy for life.
Yeah.
The other thing is is is you know,
it's a game where psychopaths when and that you know,
hey,
is to be a psychopath situation because you know,
you see guys who are going out there and you know you're going to have a fist
fight in the back alley.
And so,
and then I,
you know,
and I was in a place one time where there was a fist fight and the guy sucked
out a guy's eyeball,
but then this tore it out with his team because he's,
because he's a psychopath and you sit there and go,
well,
there's always going to be somebody willing to take it to the next level and
they'll take it.
It was in a place where I was,
I saw the aftermath of it though.
It's been around.
And actually it's a,
it's a,
it's a famous,
uh,
what they call firms in the UK,
you know,
football hooligans.
It was a hooligan move where they,
they,
they apparently,
and they suck your habit.
It's actually,
it's a,
it's a move that they,
that they use it in a football match in the fighting of the firms.
So like if you're at Manchester United versus Manchester City and they hate each
other,
they have these fights,
Jesus fucking Christ how nutty we man.
That people in England can't even get along with people in England.
Well,
that's,
that's the whole thing.
And you're like,
that's,
it goes back to the village mentality too,
which is,
I'm from this village.
I hate the guy from that.
There's some tough mother fuckers from the UK or some type of mother fuckers
anywhere.
Yeah.
And there's all over the world.
Right.
But there's like a certain,
like there's a London toughness,
you know,
there's a whole UK toughness
I come from,
I always say the tougher,
like the actually the poorer the neighborhood,
the tougher the fighter often because they're fighting for fucking survey.
I remember Barry Mcguire Gun,
I remember fucking Roberto Duran.
Fuck yeah,
Roberto Duran because he wasn't as good.
He wasn't as sugar ray Leonard.
He was not as good of a fighter.
He was not as fast.
He just didn't have the time.
But he had the heart and he wanted to win it and he beat him and you know,
and they went back and forth.
Well,
he fucked up in the second fight,
you know,
he went from the first fight that,
that Duran was an animal that was a street animal and his boxing was,
it was underrated.
He just had it very unconventional style.
Like he would Paul with the left.
He didn't have a stiff left jab the way Leonard did,
like Lennar would stick you Duran would Paul with the jab to more of a range
finder.
But he was very clever man.
And by time,
by then he had already fought,
can be Canon.
You ever watch that fight?
Jimmy's the original Andrew Gelada.
He fucked up.
Can Be candid with low blows.
He blasted him right in the Dick.
Like Duran was an animal man.
There was a,
um,
a story where they had went to a Panama wants to him about something,
right?
It was like for like sports sales traders,
sub shit.
Right.
And while these people were talking to him,
he picked up a cat by the tail and threw it against a wall and smashed it's
head.
And they were like,
Whoa,
what the fuck?
That's very like he was just so,
he was savage.
I mean,
he literally was a wild man.
became eventually a brilliant boxer as he developed as a man.
And after he went through the no moss situation,
you know,
for people to know you don't fall boxing,
he quit in the second fight.
He beat Leonard in a really tough fight in the first five.
Very close fight.
Really wild,
amazing fight.
Even to this day,
the standard of that fight is very,
very high.
Like you could picture the Duran of that error,
fighting like Floyd Mayweather and having an amazing fight.
There's,
it's not like looking at old football players or old mixed martial artists.
It was like really hotly contested.
Yeah.
Real high level stuff.
And then the second fight,
Duran got fat.
He had a hard time making the way he apparently looks,
struggled to make the weight and they ate like a big stake and a gallon of
orange juice and got really sick and yeah.
And then there's also speculation that he was told to throw the fight that the
people at bed on it,
but he looked terrible.
He just didn't look.
And then he quit.
And then after he quit,
man fucking Latinos,
the,
all the people that supported him,
all the Spanish speaking world.
We're so upset because he was this macho,
fucking savage representative of everything.
I mean,
just quit for no reason.
It's like no mosque,
no mosque.
Like nothing.
He's fine.
It was like,
do you know how much we fucking paid to watch this?
So he was crushed for years and years and it was sad.
I watched him fight like,
you know,
it's like all the sudden he just looked like this doughy version of who we used
to be and then he came back and fought Davey Moore.
And if you remember that fight that he was,
uh,
he was a distinct underdog.
Cause even as a WHO's in his late thirties,
I think he was like 36 and in those day,
back in that day,
it was like,
that was really fucking old,
like 36.
Like Bernard Hopkins just want the tile at 48,
but for in Durand's Day 36 was old as fuck.
But he box the shit out of Davey Moore.
Any thumbed them in the eye.
More importantly,
he swole up one of his eyes and he couldn't see.
And the kid just didn't,
he never overcome adversity that where it was in with a guy,
he really couldn't hurt.
The guy was just clever enough to get out of the way of all his shit and land a
little bit and a little bit more and a little bit more.
And as the rounds progressed he realized,
Oh my God,
I'm getting beat up.
Like it's just like this slow like beat down that he put on them.
That was a,
that was,
it was such a wild thing to see.
I love a guy and it comes back.
I love that guy.
That's like his life's in the toilet and then he bounces back.
George Foreman George Foreman is a fascinating story.
I remember when he made his comeback,
he's 36 years old and he was over 330 pounds or something crazy like that.
Like it wrote Tunde,
it was a joke.
I love this fighting style,
which is sort of like a weeble wobble,
but we don't fall down and just sorta rock back and forth and he'd keep his left
way out there like this because this was what was coming.
All of it was coming.
He could knock you out with anything.
Yeah,
he had like Hams for FIS.
That guy,
he was an incredible specimen but he went into four years of like heavy
depression.
The Ali fight.
Yeah.
It was a brutal fight for him cause he was a,
first of all,
I've never been,
he'd never encountered that kind of psychological warfare.
You know,
when Ali was like dancing and screaming to the cameras and do you ever see,
you've seen the documentary on that when we were kings,
amazing,
amazing documentary.
And if Ali had retired after that fight,
oh man,
maybe it's silly around to talk about shit today.
You know,
maybe we could have him on the podcast.
You know what I mean?
I mean,
he,
he hadn't really gotten to the point where he is a,
his illness kicked in like it does now.
It's so sad to watch like his later fights.
Well taking,
taking the beating that,
uh,
you know,
foreman,
actually in the documentary when they say,
you know,
he was taunting him,
he was taunting him and finally form and just let them have it.
And they said,
and then you saw the fear in Aliza eyes.
Then you saw a holy shit,
what have I done here?
But then he lasted it through and then boom,
came back.
That was just a,
we'll battle a battle of never rope a dope style.
Nobody saw that coming against a guy like foreman and you see him like hitting
that heavy bag,
just putting a hole in it and you're like,
you're taking that to the ribs to the kidneys.
There's a guy named Lavar Johnson and fights in the UFC right now who's
freakishly strong like that.
Like he's got that ridiculous kind of power.
It's a huge guy.
He's about 250 pounds to lose,
I think it was two 60 for his last fight and he fought Brendan shop.
We just kept taking them down.
Brendan photo,
real smart fight cause he's just too dangerous standing up.
He just knocks out everybody and he's so fucking powerful.
I mean he's not the most technical guy in the sport,
but for sure he's one of the hardest punches and hits you.
You're fucked.
And everybody's just scrambling to grab a hold of this guy and drag him to the
ground as quickly as possible.
Yeah,
he's just got that thing and there's a few guys like a George Foreman type guys.
They just have that thing like they can hit you way harder than you can with
them.
Everyone would watch for is right cause it would knock,
kill it.
And then he was knocking you out with his left.
Tyson had speed that just was unrivaled,
the ferocity and speed and the,
the ruthlessness other like if you watch the marvel Frazier fight
immune in his prime when he was still up in Vermont.
And you know,
Brian,
pull up the Marvis Frazier fight.
Pull up Mike Tyson versus Marvis Frasier.
Cause in my opinion,
this was the scariest I've ever seen a human being be in my life.
I remember I was like,
I think I was probably like 18 or something.
I was watching this at home on TV and Tyson just destroyed Marvis Fraser and the
most violent fight I had ever seen it a box of Mac and I,
and I thought to myself back then,
I was like,
if there's one person that would be the most terrifying person to be encountered
with,
it would be Mike Tyson.
I like,
dude,
that eds at separate lives,
watch this fight.
I mean,
he just,
Marvis Frazier was like a top heavyweight contender and Tyson just step to them
and just started fucking bull blasting him,
dodging under punches,
got him in this corner right here.
And this is the end right here.
What?
Bang,
Bang.
That's all before he can fall down.
He's already unconscious.
Tyson hits him four times more before he even gets to the ground.
It was,
it was like an assassination.
Yeah.
When I was watching Tyson,
I was like,
no one's ever going to beat.
Not For 10 he ended up beating himself.
Well,
you know what it is,
man.
It's,
it's a bunch of things.
First of all,
that that once you've gotten there,
it's gotta be a very strange and uncharted place in your mind and in your,
your ability to maintain discipline and living in this also.
So 20 something years old,
live,
you know,
he'd been trained,
he'd been taken out of Brownsville who'd been taken out of reform school.
He'd been trained by one of the greatest trainers of all time,
you know,
adopted effectively by it.
And more importantly,
custom motto was one of the greatest psychological trainers of all time.
And he saw in him,
he said he's the greatest raw talent and he would custom motto would say things
that to this day there's a,
you can have a short,
precise point that an athlete can digest and take with him as he steps out of
the locker room and into the ring that actually can help.
And custom motto said,
one of the most brilliant things I've ever heard when it comes to being
terrified in the face of combat and in the face of a fight.
And he said that every man experiences fire and that fire can cook your food,
it can heat your house or if you let it get away,
it can burn you to the ground and you have to decide how to take care of it.
But the coward and the hero feel the exact same thing.
It's just the coward falls into the pressure where the hero figures out how to
manage it and overcome it and actually rises to the occasion and keeps it
together.
Right.
So for custom model,
like he had studied,
like he had studied psychology and he had studied so many aspects that are,
are crucial to success in that crazy isolated type of a sport where you can kind
of like Tyson,
who says needy young,
energetic physical specimen,
just just filled with anger and rage and not getting enough love.
And all of a sudden this Yoda motherfucker comes out of the Catskills and yeah,
it's one of the greatest sports stories in sports history.
It's sad the way it ended and let me know it isn't Stad mad.
It's not sad.
He's alive,
he's fine.
Tyson's doing these story shows with Dana White told me it's fucking fantastic.
He goes on and he tells these wild stories about his life and spike Lee directed
it.
It's apparently amazing.
So it's not sad.
It's inevitable.
There's no way you can keep beating people up and that's happy because it's
always sad for the people you beat up.
I mean,
there is no happy ending.
If you beat the fuck out of people for the rest of your life,
there's no happy ending.
There's a bunch of sad endings.
There's your happy ending.
You're happy.
You get to retire undefeated.
Yay.
Uh,
no,
I had never had to take it,
dish it all out tonight.
Everybody like rocky Marciano and everybody was,
there's the big deal that rocky Marciano reached whatever it was,
46 and eight,
over 39.
And everybody was like,
Masha was the only one that retire undefeated.
Well that's almost unfair.
It's almost unfair.
You know,
I was looking to retire in the feet.
My parasite,
I think.
Yeah,
you lost that game.
You had to cheat,
you had to hit performance enhancing drugs.
Your immune system wasn't able to fight off the alien.
You had to swallow poison.
I don't know man.
I'm just talking shit.
What was it like hunting in Japan or you weren't you a hunting animal?
No,
no,
no.
You're confusing it.
Siberia.
Chernobyl about that last thing.
You,
yeah.
Though the wolves like they're freakish giant wolves out there.
Yeah.
Well they're,
they're mutated.
Mutated.
Is that true?
For Real?
I'll never say 100% what they look like.
Well,
the mutations are mostly internal,
um,
because their,
their,
uh,
the,
the exclusion zone,
which is a huge area is a radioactive.
And so they've gone,
they've undergone mutations.
I actually read something the other day saying,
I'm from Ukraine and there's all these horses out there and,
and you know,
there aren't mutations.
We actually have the guys,
the,
uh,
the people who run the exclusion zone,
admitting on camera.
Yes,
they're mutated.
The scientists are saying the mutated.
And of course they're mutated because they're growing up in a,
in a,
in a radioactive zone about the size of France.
And,
uh,
but yeah,
we went to,
to hunt them.
The thing is,
is we had an,
a,
um,
a Geiger counter with us.
And whenever they,
they sort of,
you go off and they go into the forest,
the forest,
which is where all the,
you know,
the dirt and everything is trapped.
They would go,
it would go off the register.
I mean,
it was like,
you know,
I forget what it was,
but it was like 400 mega rems or whatever it was,
was,
was uh,
uh,
safe and we got to 14,000 at one point.
And you're like,
you know,
speaking of,
speaking of parasites a,
you know,
I,
parasites I'll take,
but,
uh,
you know,
1400 times the healthy,
uh,
yeah.
But then you have some radiation Somby parasites now radioactive Ferris,
I seen the fish.
Have you seen the fish of Chernobyl,
those videos of these enormous fish?
Brion pull that up.
Cause it's really strange.
I mean,
I don't know,
maybe fish,
maybe I'm
just ignorant and don't like sturgeons are,
so if you look at it now too,
if you look at what's happening in Japan,
they have massive protests in Japan saying you have to stop nuclear energy
because look at what the fuck happened in,
in Fukushima,
because you know,
we had a tsunami,
which we're going to have more and more of.
But guess what?
Now we have whole radioactive villages and ray radiation in the groundwater,
radiation or radiation in the food.
What does that look?
A giant carp?
Is that a fish Fukushima?
That's fucked up.
That's just a giant carpe dude.
Uh,
I think that's,
if you Google radioactive fish of Chernobyl,
there's a video where these,
um,
these people are by this river and these enormous fish.
I don't know what they are.
I mean,
maybe it's just,
that's what they are.
Maybe it's like there's a lot of fish there.
And the people went there when we were there.
The people who run the actual zone,
we're saying that the animals,
uh,
they admitted the animals are mutated and so,
well,
of course they are.
I mean,
why wouldn't you?
You have,
you have massive amounts of radiation.
How can they not be?
We had this dude,
Scott Sigler on the podcast yesterday and he's an author and he wrote,
he writes about shit like that fucking island of mutated animals that are 650
pounds and their pack predators with fins.
So you freaking me out right now,
man.
I freaking me out with these Siberian,
a werewolf stories.
Uh,
that'd be an awesome movie though.
Siberian Werewolf.
Cause the mutation that was like,
you know,
almost all of the like,
um,
like when you were a kid,
but,
well not all of them,
but it was always a constant theme for superheroes.
Yeah.
You know,
like David Banner became the hawk.
It was Bruce banner originally,
but they thought that was too gay for television.
So they changed it to,
it was always you came close to it,
but just close to the x men,
right?
Yeah.
They would all get like some super power as opposed to testicular cancer or if I
can renal renal cancers,
the fantastic four.
Like they get to,
they got fucking the most to us or something happened and they became super
powerful.
We're so usually we usually we're talking about politics.
We're like,
what the,
how the hell did the fantastic four
at Louise,
like the fantastic four man.
I always liked comic books out when I was a kid.
But in that,
that was such a big theme in that somehow or another you would get into some
encounter with massive amounts of radiation,
but you would become a superhero.
And so every kid sort of looked at that like,
wow,
yeah man.
As opposed to,
you know,
what the reality of what it does to bunny's being born with no arms or legs.
Ooh,
that's weird shit man.
That shit.
And you don't know like what,
how's this all going to balance out and how long is it going to take?
Cause by the way,
life can sort of barely trudge on and incredibly fucked up state of toxicity for
several thousand years.
And you know,
eventually get to the point where either figures out how to clean everything up
or mutates to the point where he can tolerate it,
but it's not going to be fun,
you know?
No,
it's not going to,
it's a voidable too.
Well,
when we,
we interviewed the a four are a world's most dangerous border piece,
which I think we've talked about here.
India,
Pakistan and Kashmir,
which actually the fort that we were based out of just got attacked yesterday.
Um,
they said,
uh,
categorically that if you use more than 100 warheads of which they have hundreds
of warheads pointing at each other in new banks,
then um,
that the world as we know,
it ceases to exist.
Everything is just,
I mean,
the ozone is gone and it's,
it's like,
you know,
the planet of the apes students who were living underground,
that's the type of shit that you're,
you're,
you know,
and you sit there and say,
this is what's happening today.
Is that Indian Pakistan hating each other mean that,
you know,
we have the distinct possibility that our ozone has gone or the one of these
crazy fox posts pushes the button.
Exactly.
Well then we'd have to hope that the aliens land and stop all that shit.
It's the only thing that can save us
alien aliens were real.
That would be the time to move,
to get in between India and Pakistan and go,
guys,
God damn,
what is this mess you've got here?
Why is there a billion people here?
Everybody settle the fuck down.
You look exactly the same when you hate each other.
That's nonsense.
In your,
you're right across it.
Some stupid divide.
One person believes in one pile of wacky bullshit and the other person,
everybody settle the fuck down.
All right.
You need a big spaceship to pull that off though.
Like several football fields long and you need to do a magic trick or two and
let these bitches know that you're there for,
for serious,
you're not taking any bullshit.
Makes them trees disappear.
You're out here in La and Atlanta,
Scientology,
you know,
you get everyone's,
you've got to get the aliens,
doctors,
Arc and the feet tons and all that.
Hmm.
Amazing.
How easy that was to pull off when you really read that story.
Sure.
Make it doesn't make you want to start a call.
Just a little baby when it's pretty interesting.
I got to say I'm fascinated by it.
It's amazing.
If you could live in the 1950s and like start your call throwing the same time
he started his call,
dark coats to Warren Jeffs,
you know is doing it right now.
Warren Jeffs a Utah though.
It's totally different animal.
Utah's a different animal.
You can pull it off there.
We did get any new Mexicans to buy into that bullshit.
We did.
Uh,
we did it where they buy into it all it was,
but we did a story on the lost boys.
These guys,
the lost boys.
Uh,
so because of,
uh,
um,
you know,
well,
[inaudible] more in Jeff's case,
pronounced with it.
He has like 78 wives,
but
Sam,
why you hating pitch
the elders get like,
you know,
20,
30,
40 wives,
but then by just by math,
okay.
There's only x amount of women,
so they have to get rid of these,
the kids.
Okay.
You're not thinking terms of being bountiful.
I thank you.
Bringing in more women.
See,
you're seeing a problem.
I see,
uh,
an uh,
an equation that you have to solve and bring me,
bring in more crazy
what's happening is there,
they kicked the kid,
the,
the men,
the boys out.
And so these kids who grew up in this religion that says everybody else's evil
and you can't do anything and they don't know how to pay bills or nothing,
they just kicked him out and said,
okay,
you're gone now because they want the girls.
They have that right.
Okay,
that's weak.
That's that's you're not,
you're not loving your,
your brothers and sisters there new crazy.
You're kicking out your own kids.
You're also kicking out people who know how crazy your nutty cult is and they're
going to eventually tell people why and why they're so sad.
Why so sad,
Billy?
Oh My fucking dad.
And he's fucking bitches to marry,
so he kicked me out.
So I can't have girlfriends who's poor girls who grew up with no men and they're
forced to accept the fact the 70 year old guy,
I liked the voice that you're adopting is me.
That's me in therapy.
If I,
if I got kicked out by my dad and he was fucking his girl,
I was in love with my own dad's like shutoffs on,
get out of the room.
She's mine.
Mine.
I need a hundred of them a hundred.
But you know what?
And the other hand,
you can't hate if the guy can keep it up.
Wow.
I don't know.
Uh,
I don't know if he could keep it up in prison.
Don't take that out of context,
ladies and gentlemen.
I don't really mean that.
I was only in jest.
I think that that guy obviously victimized some poor people that were easily
led.
My always,
my question has always been why are people still so easily led?
That's a good question.
Is it just a way the body is designed that some of us are worker bees and some
of us are,
you know,
a middle management and some of us are the contrarians hanging on the outside
like you were I life is hard.
Well yeah,
what it is
and you're looking for someone to say,
here's why it's hard.
Here's why it's hard.
And by the way,
if you work hard and do what I say,
then you're going to go to some place better because now it's a bitch.
Now it's fucking hard as shit.
But if you do,
all this shit is going to get better.
No.
What else that is,
it's like being in a group is great.
It's nice to be in a group.
It's us against them.
Yeah.
I like what we call death squad.
Like,
uh,
it's not like,
it's not like you don't have to join it or anything like that.
It's not real.
So for nation,
yeah,
the Tattoo,
is it your right cheek?
Um,
but got the whole,
but it's cool like when we go places and we see all those death squad shirts,
like it's,
it's insane.
There's something cool about it.
There's something like undeniably cool about it.
Like we're not trying to really start a call and I tell anybody what to do,
but if we show up somewhere and you were at a desk quad chart,
it's kind of bad ass.
And I was like,
what's up man?
How you doing?
Like,
you know,
most likely,
unless he's an undercover cop,
that's going to be a very nice guy.
You know what I mean with this podcast is for now I'm finally getting your like
selling Macy's steal mail,
starting a call.
It would be cool.
No,
it's desk as well.
You don't want a real cult.
See that.
The,
the best kind of cult is the kind of culture that doesn't really have any
foundation whatsoever.
No leadership,
there's no structure.
And everybody kind of knows what the fuck to do.
That's the perfect cult where you can't really like,
say you're doing anything you've said up to not use it up.
The Metta,
the medical podcast.
That's what you start podcasts,
podcasts,
and you eventually you get into their system and once you get into their system,
he tell him,
listen man,
we just need to spread this and we're all going to be okay.
We just need to get this out to everybody.
Spread it out as far and wide.
And it's real simple.
It's like Jim Jeffrey said about the Bible.
Do you ever see Jim Jefferies bit about the Bible?
It should say,
don't be a cunt,
you know,
and it really Upn you getting up to pee more alcohol deal.
Uh,
Jamie wants you or yeah,
one of you gentlemen that's not working.
You sure you don't want the Koolaid Shane?
Our koolade is when we processed in a special micro filter that's pumped up hill
using Onnit.
Yeah.
Using gravel and stream water and uh,
and it's all broadcast live on audible.com
but um,
thank you sir.
Thank you very much.
I think,
uh,
I I really do think all bullshit aside that your shit that you guys are doing on
vice.com it's amaze has as much of an impact on where this culture is going and
the potential that this culture has for understanding the true inner workings of
all the various aspects of intergovernmental relationships and nutty places like
Chernobyl and the Liberia episode.
I didn't know anything about Liberia until I watched that show and you guys have
done more look just for educating me.
Okay.
And I,
and I can like,
I mean not really educate people,
but tell you like what link to click on that kind of a connection.
I've,
you guys have exposed me to some of the most little understood little talked
about things that are so bizarre and hard to believe that exists today.
Well,
I,
I know,
I think I said this last time,
your audience is maybe the best audience in the,
in the goddamn world because we,
you know,
people used to say vice was the best content on the web that you've never seen.
And when we started to come out here and do this podcast,
all of a sudden we didn't get these,
you know,
fanatical sort of positivist.
Wow.
Like great responses.
And it was always with the Hashtag,
you know,
powerful or Oregon or whatever.
And it's always by,
oh,
100% of the time it's your,
it's,
you know,
and I've got to say that says a lot about you,
but it also says a lot about,
you know,
the people that listen to this podcast,
which is,
you know,
they're,
they're thinking for themselves.
You know,
they're there,
they're listening to alternative shit.
They're not believe in the bullshit that they see on,
on,
on regular mainstream TV.
And look,
they're there.
They're positive when someone says,
look,
we're like you said we love you and I live on the periphery and we live on the
periphery,
but we're trying to do our thing.
And you know what,
when,
when people who listened to this podcast are so positive,
it makes me fucking happy.
And it makes me say,
and I don't mind,
I got a helmet and fucking flesh eating fucking fucking golden because,
because these motherfuckers on Twitter and on Facebook and an advice there are
so fucking positive.
And then I'm going to tell you another thing.
It makes me feel like we can change it.
It makes me feel like,
okay,
there is some negative motherfuckers out there in the world who were doing some
really bad shit,
but we can actually do things to stop that.
And you're doing it and I'm doing it.
And then by the way,
the people on this podcast are doing it and,
and,
and the more people that actually educate themselves and listen to you and come
in here and check on those links,
that's fucking how we change it.
We shouldn't expect anyone else to change your shift for you because they won't.
I agree with you.
And I also believe that it's,
it's also a matter of projecting a certain way of living that you project,
uh,
you,
you project a very honest and a humbled view of the world.
And I think when someone is exposed to a guy like you,
um,
it,
when a guy's sitting on his stationary bike right now,
riding along,
listening to this show and listening to you or your experiences in life and
Karachi in Liberia,
which I really want to get to again,
they,
they sort of like get this view like,
okay,
there's this fucking guy who's out here doing all this crazy shit.
And he's saying all these things,
like,
this guy has no reason to lie to me.
This guy's,
he's,
he's not like anybody that I've ever met before,
but yet I'm sort of absorbing his thoughts.
And by doing that,
you're,
you're injecting these ideas.
It might not have ever manifest themselves in hundreds of thousands and millions
of people.
And that's some powerful,
powerful,
powerful shit.
And it's,
it's not on CBS and it's not an NBC and it's never going to be,
it's never going to be broadcast by anybody that doesn't want to risk everything
they already have,
which we get a lot of shit for.
You know,
we get,
we get a lot of shit for it.
And this is another thing I want to say about the people on this podcast is a
lot of times,
you know,
for example,
what just went down in North Korea,
um,
you know,
we get attacked by mainstream media and yet,
people who are on the periphery,
people who are watching us,
people are there.
It's like,
exactly,
this is exactly what the fuck we want to have.
Go on.
Well,
nobody expose mainstream.
no,
be in the mainstream rather exposed North Korea the way that you guys did when
you went to North Korea and,
and showed those fake restaurants and showed just how spooky and nutty the
atmosphere was over there.
We were not,
we knew there was no shells that were doing that.
There was no 60 minutes wasn't doing that.
The honesty in in which you portray things like from ladyboys and Thailand.
I mean,
you know what I mean?
When you were hanging with the
lady boys,
Dude,
I'm telling you man,
I became a fan of yours when I saw that video of you hanging with the lady boys.
Huh?
You know why?
Here's why.
Because you were being kind to them.
You are being nice today.
You were,
you were chilling out with them in a bathtub and all like laughing,
but it wasn't even,
you weren't being creepy and sexual,
you weren't being a douchebag.
You're being a sweetheart.
You're being a nice person to a bunch of other nice people.
No,
no bullshit and it's hard to do that.
It's hard to do that.
It's hard to do that without loose fucking faggot.
It's hard to do that without someone to being mad at you.
It's hard to do that without protecting your ego.
How are People gonna think about you?
You're hanging out with these ladyboys.
Yeah.
You were just a guy who is there and he was trying to be nice to some other
people and they were being nice to you back and it was the right thing to do.
And it resonated.
And I remember watching that video going,
this guy's a cool motherfucker.
And I,
I think that was before I even saw Heimos,
uh,
adventure Arctic adventure,
which was the thing that really made me a vice addict,
you know,
I mean,
I check your eye.
I look@vice.com more than any other website on the net.
Pretty much other than Twitter and checking my own email.
I watch all your shit.
I watched that heimos great adventure,
whatever it was.
Arctic adventure.
What is the natural name of that was vice guide to travel?
Yeah,
it was the most remote.
Um,
man on earth.
Hi Mo.
The remotest place on earth.
The remoteness of man on earth.
Well,
if you just Google Hind Mo and vice,
you'll find out whatever the actual,
uh,
do you know what it is?
No,
it's just
one of the lazy boys,
Lady Boys,
by the way.
I mean,
how dare you,
everyone on the Internet,
everyone always asks me that question and you're like,
you understand that there's like two camera guys and sound crew like we're
shooting,
we're shooting.
So what?
You did the right thing,
man.
It was beautiful.
I wish I would be that strong.
I'd be like,
get bitch,
get off me.
Don't touch me.
But you know how it is at a certain point in your life,
you don't give a fuck what anybody thinks about you.
You don't give up and you're just like,
you know what?
I'm going to do my shit.
I'm going to try to get through the day and do the best thing I possibly can and
that's it.
That's all I can do.
Or you know.
Well,
I,
I think that's,
that's a possible state to achieve and maintain,
but I think it's difficult to get there.
And for a lot of people that's an alien concept and that's why when I saw you or
so like comfortable and cool about that,
I was like,
you're,
there's no way that guy's not cool.
I was like,
that guy.
That's a cool motherfucker.
Like you were just like real easy with these people.
It was fun and I really,
I,
there was an issue that came up last week or earlier this week about transgender
MMA fighters.
There's a woman who used to be a man who's now fighting and MMA against women
and you know,
people have been,
I've gotten some heat about it on Twitter that I took the wrong stance because I
said that that's a guy that cut his dick off and he's fighting girls and that's
the of the story.
You can,
you can say all you want.
I don't care what the Olympic Committee says,
there's a different mechanical advantage to being a man.
No Way.
I want everyone to know that if you really feel like you are supposed to be a
woman and you're a man,
I am,
I will still be friends with you.
Like I have zero issue with that.
My only issue in that venue is that I understand the mechanical advantage of the
male frame.
I just,
I just do.
If I lost,
like if I lost my dick and balls,
if I decided to chop my dick and balls off and be a woman,
I would still have these giant hands and they're not going to shrink.
These aren't going to go away.
So this is a mechanical advantage to having this big hammer fist to punch a girl
in the face with that's fucked up.
It's just,
it's not the same.
And anybody who says that it's the same as far as athletics and calm,
it might be the same in track and field.
If you don't have balls anymore,
you might not be able to run as fast.
Ever seen a beautiful boxer?
Never seen it.
That's the Thai boxer.
That was the,
I'm a lady boy with testicles successful than chop them off and then started
getting his ass kicked.
I believe she stopped after she fought for a while.
Yeah,
that was the issue.
I interviewed her in Bangkok and we fought with her a little bit and uh,
I got to say she could kick the shit out of people,
but you know,
she,
she was accusing guy fighting other guys.
But you know
it's ice feel for those people.
I understand that my body would,
whenever it gets you through the fucking day,
however not
however,
if it's,
if you're,
if you're talking about sports,
you sit there and say,
I don't know what we're looking at.
Well,
you're not even just talking about sports.
He's talking about the most violent sport in the world and a sport which I
understand and I am telling you from a perspective that very few people enjoy.
I'm telling you from the most honest perspective possible,
I have called more than a thousand fights.
I don't know how many fights I've ever done commentary on over 10 plus years of
doing it.
A man has an advantage.
There's a big difference.
There's not a little difference.
It's a big deal.
Prince,
we'll also then you start to deal with the questions of their steroids involved
as different things and enhancements and other weird shit that's involved in all
that.
Also,
the predatory mind of the mail is a very different mindset,
but also you're 30 years old and you get your Dick cut off at 30 right?
You've got 30 years a man live in.
Okay.
There's a different thing.
Fighting and,
and dealing with bullshit and dealing with violence and dealing with,
you know,
possible death when you're,
when you're hanging out with a bunch of creepy people,
when you're 18 years old is a bunch of violence,
sexual men and you were in a,
you know,
anything can happen,
especially if there's a little money and very few parental influences with a
positive.
You could,
there's some dangerous shit if you get through all that and then you cut your
Dick and balls off.
You still lived all that.
You're still a man.
You're a violent motherfucker.
You're still a dangerous dude that happens to want to be
woman.
Why are you getting in Shit?
Because I said that,
uh,
although I support anybody becoming transgender,
if that's what you really want to do,
I would never tell anybody what they can and can't do,
can and can't do.
But you shouldn't be fighting women.
Maybe a tranny league,
you know,
and I don't say tranny and it's not derogatory until it is.
I mean,
I mean it didn't.
The,
the guy from Bravo get in trouble for
you use the word twink.
I don't know.
Trust me,
I just remember,
I remember seeing,
I remember seeing a video of these big sort of,
uh,
you know,
Ozzie rugby player types and they,
they I guess were fucking with some trainee lady,
boy,
whatever.
And The lady bug kicked the shit out.
And I'm like,
just flatten these three rug.
I guess they were actually MMA or there was something that we go when we tie or
some,
some sort of fighting and just trying to kick this fucking level them.
It's on youtube.
Oh,
that's hilarious.
And I was just like,
well,
you got to think that,
you know,
if you're a,
if in most countries,
maybe not tell him,
but if you're a lady boy or she male or transgendered or whatever,
there are fighting all the fucking time,
you know?
And so,
so anyways,
I,
I saw that video and it was just kinda like,
cause I hate those.
I was just in Thailand at a conference and disease,
all these fucking,
you know,
Australia and uh,
sort of rugby dudes who are just spoiling for a fight.
Just they would just want to go or they just want to fight.
You know what those guys need to do.
They need to get out of rugby and get into some Nma.
If you want to fight,
you should be fighting that and I would tell them that.
I'd be like,
look bro,
you're a bad motherfucker.
It's obvious you're,
you're,
you're the reason why you're trying to fight it bars as you need to be testing
yourself in,
in that way,
in,
in a gym.
I agree.
Get,
get well,
get it.
Take a leg kick,
defend the choke.
Come on,
stop it with your stupid ball.
That's a goddamn euphemism.
Who gives a fuck what happens with that ball?
You take away your nutty score thing with one.
Oh,
you got a point.
Woo.
Oh No,
they did what we didn't want them to do.
That's all nonsense.
What you're doing is trying to stop.
What you really want to do and when you really want to do is one on one man to
man someone your size.
No mechanical advantage,
no weight advantage.
Let's see.
Let's see what's going on.
Let's see what's going on there.
So any rugby player that shows up and wants a fight,
stop being a buzzy.
Send them to you.
I will help them.
I was saying you're a bad motherfucker.
These are rage inside of you.
You need to project that shit in the right way and this ball thing isn't working
out.
We needed to leave that ball alone.
Nobody gives a fuck if you get it across that line,
that's nonsense.
You're playing a game.
Oh,
you kicked it between the two sticks.
The world is changed.
No one hasn't.
Nothing's changed.
Okay,
you still,
you're fighting off those bullies that fuck with you when you were in the
seventh grade.
What you need to do is some fucking Kettlebell son,
some body weight
squats.
Learn some Jujitsu,
chokes and bitches out.
Get it out of your system.
Stop fighting in bars.
Stop letting the demon alcohol bring it out of your body.
I agree with you cause they just blow my fucking,
they harsh my butter.
They do hard.
They harsh by bus to man because the,
the guys that are that get it out in the gym,
they don't look for it anywhere.
Well I'll tell you what,
when you drink,
the real you comes out in.
The real me is just a jovial 80 year old man.
I'm like fucking Buddha.
I'm just sitting there and drinking my drink.
I'm having a good old time.
And you know when you see these dudes come out and they have a few drinks in
them and they get all ran to fight and you're just like,
yes.
You know,
anyway,
it's not unnecessary.
It's not,
it's not good for them.
They all need hugs.
They all do,
man.
And I mine,
you know,
you and I,
you and I both know if you're a real fighter you won't fight in a bar.
No.
Well why would you want to hit someone that doesn't want to get head?
It doesn't want to fight.
And if they do want to fight,
is it possible that can be avoided but talking,
and if it's not there,
probably a bitch.
Boy,
you're crazy or you're not going to find a birthstone was gonna take a bunch of
guys like tank Abbott that will fight you anywhere.
He'll fight you on a plane and he's a real fighter.
It's just,
that's that dude.
That's what he's all about.
You know?
And it's not about,
you don't shut those professionals.
A guy like tank Abbott is,
he's one of my favorite fighters of all time.
And one of the reasons why it's not because he was the bass,
not because he was the most technical or one the most titles,
is that you genuinely knew for a fact,
100% no doubt about it.
If you fucking flap your gums in front of tank Abbott,
he's going to make you swallow your teeth.
Doesn't matter if you're on a greyhound bus or on a fucking space shuttle,
he's gonna beat your ass.
And there's a reality to that,
that I find refreshing,
like drowning in the ocean or,
or getting hit in the head by a media.
There's certain unavoidable consequences to being in the wrong place at the
wrong time.
Most of the,
and you know,
many more 90 but the most professional fighters are fighters who,
you know,
do it for living,
aren't going to get to a fight in a bar.
Cause I'm only going to take a ball to her head down and fuck up your hand.
You're gonna to something
that,
or they would and they would clean out the whole bar and you have a real problem
on your hands because it's only a guy like Randy couture and Dan Henderson.
I Dunno if this is a true story or not,
but there's a legendary story about those two guys in high in college when they
were pulling like elite wrestlers just cleaning out a ball.
You know,
I don't know if it's true.
I never talked to Randy about it,
but,
but what I can tell you if what I know about Randy,
I've been around that guy for,
I saw his first fight in the UFC.
He fought Tony Halma and then he fought this,
a really promising kid.
I forget his name,
Kevin something or another,
and he beat both of these guys and I was like,
wow,
this guy's a stud.
Like this guy is the,
the,
the real fucking deal.
He is one of the people you could ever be around.
You would never imagine that Randy coture would ever get into a street fight.
Right?
If you're talking to that guy,
whether it's in a bar or a Denny's or a bowling alley,
he's US smiling.
Handshaking comfortable pat you on the back gentlemen.
Like you would never imagine that anybody would ever find themselves so cunty
that there would be in a fist fight with Randy coture.
Did you ever hear that story,
uh,
about Tyson and there was a gush blood green.
Yeah.
They fought in the bar and didn't he?
It?
No,
no,
no.
It wasn't even a bar.
It was in a,
what are those fancy words for uh,
when the haberdashery or something like that when you get like a dope ass
fucking pimp suit.
Yeah.
It was like two o'clock in the morning in Harlem and Mitch Bled Green had been
taunting Mike Tyson forever and Mike broke his hand.
Mitch Greens face.
Yeah,
mid screen had like 28 surgeries to like cause cause orbital I believe.
he came in his face,
he broke his hand on his face,
caved in his face with one punch and you're just sitting there saying okay,
with one punch he caved in Dude's space.
He had to have 28 surgery.
And by the way,
this guy's,
this guy's a professional fighter.
Yeah.
Well he gets paid to get fucking hit in the face and you get one punch and it
gives you 20 days.
I wish
what he wanted to do,
he dragged the guy into the ring that had no business.
He had no business challenging Mike Tyson.
He really wasn't at that level.
And by his persistence and his arrogance,
he really did get that fight.
And you saw it,
but you saw in that fight why he wanted that fight and why he wanted that fight.
Is Mitch Blood Green even though he had no business being in the rink?
Technically with Tyson,
he didn't get stopped.
I said,
beat the fuck out of that guy and he couldn't put them away.
That was an amazing fight.
If you think about it,
cause Tyson was in his prime.
That was the Tyson.
That was starch and guys just Tyrrell big is an Olympic gold medalist was just
running for his life,
trying to keep the jab on that guy.
Jesus Christ.
He's just rep into your body with that.
Right?
Why to the body in that right upper cut,
that shit was legendary and Mitch Blood Green made it through that and the
reason he made it through that,
it's the same reason why he wanted to fight Tyson in the first place.
He was convinced that he was the baddest motherfucker on the planet.
He got his face,
cavemen sort of.
He did.
He got beat up,
but he was all right.
I mean,
it's really amazing when you think about it because who the fuck was training
bitch?
Blood Green,
you know,
I mean I don't,
I don't know who is trained is where,
I mean it might've been someone really good,
but I had to think about his approach.
It was,
there was a part of,
it was kind of brilliant.
Forced Mike Tyson and the fighting him,
you know,
but that Mike Tyson,
that was the,
that was the best Mike Tyson,
that era,
that Marvis Frazier era.
That was a,
that was our,
our Joe Lewis,
you know,
that was our Sonny Liston.
That was our,
uh,
our whoa.
Without that one guy,
that Mitch Blood Green thing.
Man,
that was a long time.
We're like old man.
We're all just fuck.
We're like this
hit pitch and you'd stay down and hits you.
Which one lick?
It was all over.
What,
what was that video you told me to look up earlier to see if it was,
uh,
what,
what the name was for advice.
Cause I t I typed in Hyman advice and that's not that,
that's it.
Hey hine,
Mo's arctic refuge is what it calls.
That got me sold.
And then um,
and then David chose a search for the dinosaur and the dinosaur that got you
here about speaking of pine loan.
So we went to [inaudible],
we went to the,
did the Arctic through this guy lived out in the middle of nowhere and you know,
he lived with his,
his wife out there and literally in the middle of nowhere,
it was the most isolated person on earth until they found,
I don't know if you've heard about this,
this Russian family and hear about them in Siberia.
They were like Russian Orthodox and during the communist revolution they went up
to this mountain that some nearly impossible to get to.
And they lived in this little shack and,
and,
and the live like they didn't even have shoes with generous thing cause I don't
know how you get nugget get frostbite and Siberia,
but they'd wrap their feeding like Birch Bark and Moss and shit.
And they were,
you know,
they,
they're eating seeds and they lived up there.
The guy was like 90 years old and they finally came in and he had his family,
they were there and they were like 70 and 60 and shit and they finally arrived
and they had like iPods and and everything.
And,
and when they got there,
they had lived this whole people that showed up had iPods.
No,
no,
no.
The family had not been isolated since the forties right?
I believe in the 1930s yeah,
it was in the 1930s they've been isolated up there and doesn't know about World
War II.
We did not know about World War II.
Correct.
They didn't know about anything and they had literally like sort of learned how
to,
how to make shit out of bark and everything in that,
you know,
complete survival.
This shit.
How many people were up there?
I think there was six of them and then,
and then they all died.
It was weird because they except the one,
so this is an interesting story.
They,
they,
they got found and they found out,
oh there's another world out there and whatever.
And then one by one they died very quickly after they got found except for like,
I believe the youngest daughter is now in her late seventies and she went to the
nearest Siberian town,
sort of live there for a while and said,
you know what?
Screw this.
And she went
back.
She's like 77 year old woman backed by herself.
She went back by herself and she's still there,
so we want it to go up there and do like the hi Mo,
the most isolated person in the world,
which was was a woman.
It's a woman and she's in her seventies and she's going back up this mountain
where you can't like,
do you hear that?
Pussies?
Okay,
all you fucking weak bitches complaining,
but Chevron the office by nine are you fucking kidding me?
This is a hundred Carl's on the way to work.
You're complaining is a 70 year old crazy bitch on a donkey and it's 80,000
degrees below zero and she's by herself and Russia 600 miles away from the next
nearest person.
She prefers it.
She prefers it up.
She went back.
She went,
what's wrong with that crazy bitch?
I bet she has a pussy like a softball Mitt and I bet.
I don't even know what that means.
Is it just us fucking thickly padded wall and a lot of pressure.
She could catch up that imagine the weird shit that happened amongst those five
people sexually.
No,
but for for 70 fucking years.
No cheese alone on a fucking mountain.
It was tenuous orgy at the end.
They probably checked it for sperm.
There was nothing left.
Might be awesome.
No,
you fucking your kids and your sisters,
so that's not the aim.
Shut up.
That's fucking a communism.
Yeah,
I don't think it would be good.
Okay.
I don't think it'd be good to have no TV.
I think that Shit's nonsense.
Why not be a woodchuck?
But they were eating out there eating beavers and fucking your kids eating.
I don't think that they're eating like bark
bark off your son's death was the last time you had a diet coke.
What?
Look at that guy is living in shit.
He's not.
He's in 2013 but he lives like he said,
these are the questions that come to me when you're like,
okay,
these people are eating bark and putting,
you know,
Mohs on their feet for shoes.
And I'm sitting there going,
boy,
they're just bringing us more and more booze.
Which you think and do you want to survive the Zombie?
I was when I was going to say to you is,
and this is a serious question,
right?
Oh No,
no,
not that's true,
but you,
when you look at it,
shit like that,
you can say,
okay,
these people are up there eating bark.
Right.
And there's a lot of shit him.
We were talking a little bit earlier,
how much of your life revolves around,
yeah,
there you go.
How much per year of life revolves around the pleasure that food?
Booze.
Oh yeah.
You know,
Nice.
Before the podcast started about making the choice between booze and food,
like if you could eat whatever the fuck you wanted it to be healthy and live til
you're fucking 19 all that shit.
Or,
but you couldn't drink this or you could drink,
but you can't eat shit.
You've got to eat cardboard and fucking grape leaves.
Oh,
okay.
Well I'm not going to work great.
Please keep current board and fucking grass.
I truly believe that living without good food and living without,
uh,
I mean,
if you're going to survive,
you're,
you know,
if you're living in the walking dead and you got to shoot deer and shit,
that's all well and good,
but we're talking about in this day and age,
I'm talking to you have a choice if you have to make it.
Yeah.
Choice between I can eat my favorite shit or I can drink booze and,
and,
and have the added sort of crank that,
that give
right.
Everything in your life.
Well,
what I was going to say was that
the,
the idea of,
you know,
subsistence living is,
although frightening that food is delicious.
Eating deer over a campfire,
that's a really yummy tasting food,
right?
If you're saying like shitty food,
like cardboard tasting the land,
food,
that's a big three enjoyment of the day,
in my opinion,
a meal with my family.
I think is,
uh,
I have one of my favorite things in life and that sounds like it sounds uttered
like utter horse shit people.
But,
um,
the,
the real idea is like sitting down with your kids and having a laugh and having
a meal.
I think that that whole processes is very important and nutrition is very
important.
But for me the taste is very important as well.
I think it's important to eat things that are delicious.
It fee,
it's like a,
it's a part of like a pleasurable aspect of life.
And so if I had to choose honestly between drinking booze and eating delicious
food,
I would go with delicious food.
I think delicious food is more important because I've experienced the booze and
I understand the lessons,
the lessons of the dropping of the inhibition and the good aspects of alcohol,
which are often overlooked by people who just can't handle alcohol.
You know,
like we were,
we were talking before the podcast started about not,
there's a certain level of trust that you have where someone is willing to get
drunk with you.
Like,
you know,
that guy's demons are all,
they're all right there.
They also took five or six Jack and cokes,
you know,
challenge,
story about Tiawana and you're like,
Holy Shit,
whoa.
What did you tell your mom?
Well,
she climbed into my,
you know what I mean?
It's like you get to know a person like,
and you realize that there's no benefit in hiding all that shit from PBL love
anyway.
There's a benefit and telling them and the sort of camaraderie that ensues from
those drunk and conversations of,
of complete and total honesty,
right?
Where were the alcohol does a purpose instead of inhibiting you and making you
make shitty decisions,
right?
The alcohol releases you from this,
this idea that anything makes any sense whatsoever,
and you start telling the truth or you start expressing yourself or you start
looking at things from more relaxed perspective,
even temporarily with that thought gets planted in your mind.
And then you just have more of a sense of friendliness the next day.
Like,
you know,
oftentimes it's little encounters.
It's steer us and uh,
like I remember this Andy Anthony robins quote who,
uh,
believe it or not have,
I've listened to a lot of us books on tape and read his books and he's got a lot
of interesting ways of looking at things that I really think are enabling.
But one of the things that he said is that sometimes if two people are going
along very same path,
like think of yourself as like two boats.
If one boat just turns one degree to the right,
like over the course of the boats,
motion through life,
just that one decision can lead.
It's so far away from the original path that it was on and that the,
oftentimes it's a good time that leads you,
you know,
and it might cost you a day or two of being hung over.
It might,
but there might be that phone call we call each other on a Wednesday.
Like I had a fucking gray type dude.
That was funny.
I even
have to be,
I'm not even talking about like a crazy fucking boozy fucking,
you know,
crazy tongue.
Because the reason why I asked the question is because whenever I meet people I
like,
and I respect,
you know,
I,
I'd like to ask them questions because I believe that's how you learn.
And so I have this maybe this problem because I'll tell you what,
I grew up poor.
I grew up dirt poor.
I left home at a very young age and,
and a lot of what I learned,
I learned,
you know,
initially through books,
so I'd read books and then I,
that's why I have this sort of a intense curiosity about the world because I'm
like,
oh fuck,
I like to go there and see that for myself.
So anyway,
speaking of,
uh,
so I,
I go to the Ukraine,
you know,
I'm,
I'm not,
you know,
I'm just a regular fucking dude from butt fuck nowhere.
And I go there and I had this dinner and,
and,
and they bring out these potato pancakes with sour cream and caviar and vodka
and all this shit.
And I'm saying,
you know,
I think it was the first time I carry around and I'm eating it and I'm like,
this is fucking awesome and I'm loving how we are right off the bat.
Yeah.
First time I ever had it.
Now granted I was a few vodkas in,
but you know like Jinchen devop can eat in the caviar and it's Russia and it's
crazy.
We were up in the middle of fucking nowhere is not Russia,
the Ukraine.
We're out in the middle of fucking nowhere and it's some crazy costs.
Act.
Shit's going down.
And I'm like,
fuck,
this is like living in a book and it's crazy.
And I,
I literally had one of the best nights of my life.
It was like living in a,
in a,
in a book from the 18 hundreds so I had one of the best times of my life then,
you know,
so for,
for the longest time I'm like,
I fucking,
caviar is my favorite fucking food and this is the greatest thing in the world.
Then I was shooting in Iran.
So I'm going to Iran when the best carrier comes from now and I'm in my hotel
room and my story in my hotel in the ran,
the only hotel foreigners can stay in,
they sell caviar in the lobby.
So I'm sitting there in the lobby and I go,
fuck yeah,
I love caviar.
That's my favorite shit now man.
So I go and I buy the caviar right in the store.
It's like the best case,
I don't know.
I bought like $10,000 with the caviar for 100 bucks or some shit.
So I get it and I go upstairs but didn't have no booze.
Right?
Cause it's the rent.
So I have like Orange Fanta and some chips in this caviar and I'm like this is
just fucking salty.
You fucking fishing what the place like shit.
What the fuck is it only tastes good when you're drunk.
I think this is the whole question that I have is that like when you have a big
fucking Fattal steak with a good glass of red wine,
how much of it is the fucking red wine?
And how much of it is the state when you have your linguine with clams,
with a nice fucking Chris fucking white wine,
how much of it is white wine or whatever.
How is the fucking,
is the,
is the talk and the,
the thing around,
like you said,
do you have a meal with your family?
How much of that is with the family and with the thing.
And then so when I was sitting up there in,
in,
in this fucking Shitty fucking hotel room in a,
and this shit,
you know,
carrier with Phanta,
I'm like,
actually I probably just enjoyed the fucking evening.
You know,
I enjoyed the people and the craziness and the fucking Bodkin of caviar and the
fact that I hadn't had it before and everything went fucking ape shit and all
that stuff.
Not h I shouldn't save Shit.
They,
it was a,
it was a very fucking transformative evening.
And then when I just had the straight up caviar and like,
man,
I don't care.
It's funny.
What a contrast.
Yeah.
And so,
so when I was asking you the question,
cause we were talking about food and you were saying like,
you know,
if you have a bad back you shouldn't eat
pass.
I'm like,
you know what the Fuck I love fuck fucking Boston.
You know what I was saying is that this a chiropractor that I was talking to,
uh,
over the weekend,
she was explained to me the influence of a certain wheats and a,
uh,
glutens and how it inflamed tissue and that you can get a substantial
anti-inflammatory response by just cutting wheat out of your diet.
Yeah,
I agree with you that there's a pleasure to eating that I think is like super
important.
It pleasure to eating and a pleasure to drink.
I mean I liked,
can I smoke weed and not drink cause I would talk to that problem.
No,
we're not doing that.
For me,
weed is like,
that's the one that really made a big difference.
Like,
I think alcohol has played a good part in a lot of positive aspects of my life
as far as like joyful evening,
having fun with friends and telling them that you love them and hugging them
and,
and you know,
even whatever,
a romantic altercations.
No,
the boys,
no girls Bro.
Got The shit Brian.
But
as far as like what,
what transformed me as a human being,
you know,
marijuana is more important.
Yeah.
Merritt marijuana was to me like there was like a,
almost like a missing piece to my sort of conceptual puzzle of like how I
interfaced with the,
with nature and with the world.
I was like,
why am I so God Damn Aggro?
Right.
You know?
And then all of a sudden I find weed and I was like,
boom.
I know.
Yeah.
For me actually booze was my savior because I was hanging out with a lot of
dudes who are doing some serious,
serious drugs,
bad drugs.
And my whole thing was,
I don't want to be 60 years old.
And so I always have this,
my idyllic sort of retirement,
which I'm trying to get to sooner rather than later.
Now it's just like this sort of forgotten like little cove.
You know the little codes.
Be a neighbor and I'm just,
I'm solar.
I'm sitting there at the school.
I'm going to send you this.
I'm going to send you this,
uh,
this article of this.
How old are your kids at?
Three and a one and a half.
Dude,
I got a four and a fucking two.
We get to have a party.
I'm going to tell you,
I'm going to send you the old boys or girls.
Girls.
Okay.
We've got a big lesbian.
Super.
I'm going to send you this article.
It's a fantastic article.
A dude who was diagnosed with lymphoma,
little and phonic cancer,
like the worst cancer you can ever.
And he was a Greek dude.
You grew up in America,
but like,
you know,
came here when he was three assumptions.
So he goes back to Greece,
to this little island in the middle of nowhere and he has to walk up this hill
every day.
He goes to talk to his buddies,
drinking the wine,
he's eating the food from the farm or wherever,
and all of a sudden,
like five years,
but he was given like,
you know,
six months to live or whatever,
we're not even six weeks to live.
And,
and they said,
well,
you know what the fuck happened?
You didn't die.
And he goes,
you know,
I came here and I forgot to die because you know,
he's sitting there and,
and there's no stress.
And he's walking up the hill every day and he's,
he's drinking wine with his buddies and he's eating the food from the,
you know,
the fish from the bay and the fucking whenever.
And I sit there and I say,
you know,
now I'm looking at this shit.
So my idyllic retirement's basically I'm stealing this guy who killed cancer by
living this euphoric life of I live on this little cove and I'm drinking my wine
and I'm sitting out there and I'm just blissing out on reality now.
That's why I didn't get hooked to heroin.
That's why I didn't get hooked to fucking crack.
That's why I didn't get hooked all the shit to my boys got hooked too,
because I always was thought to myself,
if I fucking get hooked to this shit,
I'm going to have to age,
die or be fucking quit it.
And if I quit it,
guess what?
I'm never going to be able to sit on that fucking cove where my glass of fucking
wine sitting up there,
I'm being this blissful old Buddha dude.
Right.
So for me that was boots,
but I will say this,
we were just in Jamaica filming the snoop stuff over new years and snoop lion
and we are in this place,
the line that is,
he's the
greatest guy in one of these,
this guy.
He's one of the best.
And by the way,
now more than ever because like that,
that shit's been through shit.
That guy's been through.
Shit,
we don't even fucking understand.
And,
but anyways,
you know,
so we were filming down there and I was in Jamaica and you know,
genuinely,
I don't smoke a lot of weed.
I was smoking every day.
I was drinking rum everyday smoking everyday.
I gotta tell you,
I felt like,
I felt like God was touching me.
I was like,
I felt fucking spiritually fucking,
you know when you've got to start doing eating it,
when you eat it,
that's when you really get into that sort of a psychedelic love state.
It's very feminine.
It's a very feminine,
sensitive state,
you know,
and a lot of people are afraid of that,
they're afraid of it is,
it's gonna make you a pussy or it's going to,
but you're not afraid of shit.
No,
no,
no.
You're not afraid of shit.
I'm not afraid.
We are afraid to sing fucking 80 a lot of shit.
You know,
people always give me,
Oh,
you're afraid to fucking mountain lions and yeah,
one eight my dog,
you know?
Are you afraid of meteors?
Yeah.
Watched some TV show where they come from the sky.
Like God damn torpedoes.
Yeah,
fuck all that shit.
Scared to die,
Joe.
That's why not scared.
Scared to get locked up and suffer.
You're a happy guy
and you don't want to die.
My whole thing when I was so aware,
but I was a kid,
I thought I was going to die so I didn't give a fuck I do anything cause I'm
going to die.
Who the fuck cares what you think you were going to die?
Cause I was going to die.
I mean you know everybody I grew up with,
you know when I was a kid died because we were bad guys doing bad shit.
People die and all this stuff.
How bad were you guys?
Anybody
does like blood farts on people.
I know Brian.
So it was like,
you know,
look,
you do some gang,
he shit.
You do gang shit.
You Doing Canadian gang,
you share exactly how bad,
how bad you beat.
But no look people get it.
People get into junk.
It doesn't matter if it's,
by the way,
this is the surprising thing.
Well they get into everything.
Everything.
But you know,
generally the end result is,
is well now it could be met but heroin.
And the thing is,
is even in,
in Shitty sort of Nice Canada,
people end up on junk or they're doing,
they start doing more and more serious crimes.
And,
and this is one of the reasons why my my cove was,
was my dream was because you know,
you have guys who are dying of heroin overdoses are guys are going to prison for
life or worse getting killed.
And,
and you know,
these are 17 1819 year old kids.
And you're sitting there and saying,
that's the biggest tragedy is you never fucking live here.
I use it a teenager,
you think you're fucking lived here.
Like you haven't lived shit.
You haven't done shit.
You haven't seen shit.
And one of the reasons why I say I'm going to go out and I'm going to see shit
and I'm going to do all this shit,
whatever is because I didn't fucking die.
But at a certain point you sit there and you say,
look,
you know,
and I know how hard life is.
We know fucking what good things are or can beat.
Right.
And,
and can be.
And also we realized there's a lot of people who didn't make it.
You know,
there's a lot of people who just for one,
one reason or another,
they don't get to where you are.
And so that's why now,
anyways,
uh,
you know,
one of the reasons why I like coming here and having these discussions with you
is,
you know,
you,
you can actually say,
look,
I come to these fucking realizations and look,
we're two guys who are saying,
you know,
we don't need to fucking fight.
We probably had fucking a hundred fights,
you know,
between us.
Like,
you know,
we're not saying never.
I've had no street fights.
I had all right,
the last street fight I had when I was in high school.
That was a really quick,
you're smarter than me.
I haven't,
I'm,
I've avoided everything.
But I've had actual fights I've had like,
yeah,
you're a taekwondo,
boxing bouts and motherfucker,
I don't know how many times would no fights,
but there was a lot of them.
But I've never,
what I'm trying to get at is what I,
you know,
when you see fights in,
in,
this isn't me trying to do an homage,
but if you see fights in Iraq or he's,
he fights,
those fights are different fight.
Those fights are like they shoot you in the headlights know.
I'm sure.
So what I'm trying to say is,
you know,
you want to get to more of a,
of an understanding and this is why I didn't go back there.
Like I don't give a fuck what people think about me.
I don't give a fuck about that shit because when you see it,
you sit there and say on this hand this motherfucker got shot or this guy,
this guy and into this.
Now to go back to the way long winded,
but if you go back to it,
what do I want to do?
I want to sit in the cove with my family,
your family,
hanging out,
have a drink,
enjoy myself.
I don't know how much food and although I'm a fat bastard,
I don't know how much food is going to play into that.
But I definitely want to be sitting there with that glass of wine looking out at
that cove and just go on a fucking made it.
I mean,
and that's why I don't get it.
That's why I don't judge anybody because I tell you what,
everyone's trying to get through the day to get to their Goddamn cove.
You're a hundred percent a hundred percent right.
I agree with you so much.
But we live in a beautiful world where you don't have to choose between the food
and the bullets.
And I'll tell you what,
I'll tell you what we do live.
I got to tell you,
you know,
we live in the fucking country where you can still to this day make your own
shit happens,
which,
which mode and look I'm an immigrant from,
but,
but I made my shit happened in this country and I got to say it's the best
country in the world.
And there's a lot of countries out there.
We don't realize how fucked up they are and how bad shit is there.
And we should fucking say,
you know what?
You can do anything here in America.
So you should,
you know,
when you say that it has so much more weight than the average person,
including me saying at first of all,
because you've been everywhere and second of all,
because you came from another place,
you grew up in Canada.
So when you,
when you come over and you see this situation,
there's no question this is not perfect.
I think we all agree on it.
I think it's fucking fantastic.
It's better.
It's better than it's ever been.
We were,
what we were doing right now is we're,
we're figuring life out and we still have a lot of old standards and old
traditions and old things that we abide by that don't make any sense and they
trip us up.
We step on our own Dicks,
but I think ultimately we're moving forward in a direction of progress as much
as people like to be cynical about the possibilities of the future.
I think just where we are today in this country,
despite the eroding civil liberties,
all that,
that's all good on paper.
But the reality of the progression of information through the Internet is we're
taking the world to a different
place.
Not Cynical to criticize.
It's not,
you're right.
And you know what?
America and democracy was based on honesty and being critical and being allowed
to be critical because you couldn't say,
fuck the aristocrats.
Fuck the king and all this.
Should they cut your head off?
So democracy is based on people like us sitting there and going,
you know what?
The political system isn't right.
And guess what?
The political system will not change unless motherfuckers like us and everybody
listening to this fucking podcast do something about it.
And that's what America is,
is
you're right,
100% but more importantly,
the people who are in the positions of power,
it must be reinforced that we are all in this temporary
state.
And to make the most of your temporary state,
you can enjoy the bounty of your work and the fruits of your labor.
And the,
the,
the overwhelming,
uh,
af you'll affluence that you get from having successfully figured out
capitalism.
But it's possible to do that in a way where you don't fuck people over and you
promote freedom and love and all of those possible you have to.
And if you did,
you would be more happy and more success have to,
you know,
just,
just one quick story.
But I was hanging out with a guy who inspired the shit out of me and he was,
he was the president of the Maldives and there was a 35 year a dictatorship
there.
He got elected against all odds and he did all this shit like um,
you know,
underwater,
a cabinet meetings and stuff too,
to bring awareness to global warming cause his country is sinking.
And so he was gonna buy land in Australia or Sri Lanka or India cause he doesn't
not going to have a country anymore.
And then the,
they,
they ousted him and he has this flotilla going around them.
Aldi's,
which is actually like the size of Europe,
but like islands.
So he's just fishing boats.
And I went on these,
these,
these fishing boats with this guys.
He just called the Mandela of the Maldives because he'd been in jail most of his
life.
And you know,
I was hanging out with this dude.
one of the interesting things that this guy was doing is he's just saying,
look,
you're,
you have to,
you know,
take individual control.
You have to say,
look,
unless we do it,
unless we as a community fucking say no to this shit,
it's going to continue because people don't want it to fucking change.
They just don't want it to change.
Even in America,
they don't want it to change.
But the thing is is you think that people don't want it to change.
They don't,
hold on,
I'll tell you,
I'll tell you.
So this is my second point is,
is you know,
for the people of the people bought it and you sit there and say the people,
this is the country,
the first country that was,
that was set up not for the aristocracy,
but for the people.
And the thing is,
is I think that was forgotten because if you actually look at the people and
what the people want and what the people can do,
people want a good life,
but they're willing to say,
you know what,
fuck,
I don't want to fucking have all this garbage or whatever the fucking radiation,
the fucking cause I didn't want to have this,
this uh,
uh,
you know,
threat of,
of,
of a,
of nuclear war and all these things.
If you look at,
actually if you talk to regular people,
people are saying people are good.
Actually when you were talking about it,
people actually,
if you're hanging out with your neighbors,
people are inherently good.
People are inherently fucking Nice.
Yet all this fucking bad shit happens.
Right?
And you're saying,
why is that bad?
It shouldn't be because people let it happen.
Is it because people let it happen?
Not necessarily because someone has to be initiating it.
I mean someone has to be willing to take it to lost the train of my thought
because you
guys are doing some weird shit.
I Dunno.
I Dunno what you're doing.
Listen there was a roach I left trying to figure out where it was.
Yeah,
that was getting into some deep shit and I fucking know,
I'm sorry.
I really apologize.
I didn't mean to distract you.
I just,
I thought you can keep your train of thought.
I couldn't,
I'm a visual.
I'm a visual guy.
Has roaches isn't old.
Yeah,
exactly.
This box here,
it's a moth eight my sweater.
Um,
I'm sorry.
So what,
what,
what was your,
what I will say is that I think fucking place is haunted I think because I think
because of where we are with the transference of information,
like we're doing advice or like you're doing with your podcast when I do it,
shit that you are right now,
our government is willing to arrest people,
but that information gets out.
I got to say,
information does get out.
Wiki leaks,
this,
that,
the other thing,
information gets out now.
And by the way,
that's what's keeping governments in check because mainstream media is not
keeping fucking government in check,
which is their fucking job when they're not doing it.
Well,
it's really interesting.
You just brought that up cause I was reading on advice about,
uh,
Bradley Manning testimony that you guys have released.
Like what,
what's going on with that?
What is that?
Explain that.
Well I think,
look,
the thing,
the thing that,
that,
that we're looking at is how much of media is actually,
you know,
so we actually did this story on Iraq recently.
That is the thermobaric weapons that were destroying,
you know,
so if you,
if you have to do house,
if you,
I'm doing it right.
Yeah.
And it's like a pantomime on my head with a go to pantomime.
I'm sorry if you,
if Ryan snuck out behind me,
he's very childish.
You look at what happened in Iraq,
you know,
they had these thermobaric weapons with the throne room.
It's if you do,
if you have to do house to house fighting,
which traditionally is the worst fighting you can do,
right?
Very difficult.
They have this weapon where they can,
it's called a small Emmy.
And what happens is they shoot it into a building,
right.
And it does a heat blast,
which,
uh,
sort of takes all the oxygen out so it kills you right away.
And then it,
and then it has this massive heat blast and then it implodes the house.
Right.
The problem is,
is it's suspected that this is the thermobaric weapon is made from depleted
uranium.
So what happens is all that dust that goes out there becomes a radioactive
radioactive or chemically laden,
and that possibly is responsible for the first Gulf War syndrome that no one
really sorta figured out.
Correct.
Exactly.
And this huge increase in,
in,
uh,
Canton rare cancers and,
and,
uh,
amongst veterans,
well,
well amongst veterans,
also
locals,
people who are living there.
And so,
uh,
you know,
we,
you have these sort of incredibly bad,
I don't even know what the fuck,
so I'm just telling them no more weed saying,
get away from me with the devil.
Devil we'd dealt with cabbage.
The devil's cabbage.
Sorry.
So
keep killing of,
I've forgotten where I was.
Do you remember what he's talking about?
This is really devolving.
No,
no,
no.
You don't know.
We go down to lake drink,
oh,
sorry.
We're going to get it all back.
I don't know what I'm talking about anymore.
At the end of the day,
here's what,
here's what matters.
Here's what you are saying.
What you are saying is that you are seeing the best and the worst aspects of
humanity,
and you truly are seeing this.
Because that's what I was,
I'm gonna say is that these thermobaric weapons have done these things in Iraq.
And you know what?
I'll tell you what is,
no one would have ever reported on that before.
Why?
Because you weren't,
you couldn't,
there were,
there weren't the actual tools to do that.
And for example,
us just having this discussion today and what we're talking about,
it didn't exist before because if you were,
you know,
the Washington Post,
even though they,
they,
you know,
deep throat and Nixon and all this business,
you,
because of your proximity to the Pentagon,
you can't lose your fucking seat at the fucking White House table.
They'll tell you whatever.
Now we can sit here and say,
okay,
those thermobaric weapons.
By the way,
the story was broken by a marine,
Ross Caputi,
who was a marine who fought in Fallujah,
who saw the thermobaric weapons.
The marine broke the story and said,
by the way,
this is what the fuck was going on.
And I'm breaking this story because I saw what happened in Fallujah.
This is a fucking marine who's saying this?
And you sit there and you say,
because of the fucking movement of information,
and by the way,
we're on the cusp of this meeting,
you asked me to sit here and have a few drinks.
This is why.
This is why you have to be honest.
So to go back to this story now,
I've realized that if you look at wikileaks and you said,
okay,
is wiki leaks good or bad?
I believe that the freedom of information is imperative to democracy.
Unless you have transparency,
unless you have accountancy,
unless you have people accountability,
not accountancy,
accountability.
Unless you have people who are going to be held accountable for what the fuck
they do,
then it's not democracy,
then it's not.
There's no different than
here's what I,
here's what I think about Bradley,
man,
this is the number one most important thing.
There's no way they should have put that guy in solitary confinement.
There's no way they should have isolated that guy from the rest of the world.
There's no way they should have made that guy feel like he was going insane
because he longed for the human touch and he knew that he was being punished for
releasing information that's inhuman and that's unnecessary with a government
that doesn't have anything to prove.
If a government is being honest and is not hiding anything,
it doesn't need to take a guy like Bradley manning and put him in some
horrifying state of detention where he has no rights.
There's no need for any Justin and loving government to treat any of its
citizens like that.
Our government is not honest.
I understand that,
but that to their own self,
there's no benefit in behaving the way they're behaving.
And that's what needs to be reinforced is that I think they have this idea or I
don't say they as in like some conspiratorial or overlord on a day.
What,
what I think some people who are scared of losing their position of dominance,
what they're afraid of is they're afraid that people are going to understand
what's going on and they're going to take over and they get a lock them up and
they're going to isolate them from,
I've actually see,
you know,
I said something on this podcast one time when I said,
if you ever go to a war zone,
I can't remember exactly what I said.
You cried and then the puke and then you freak the fuck out.
And I had so many people respond to that and they were,
by and large,
I would say about 98% uh,
ex military.
Because if you,
if you,
if you talk to the people who go to these things,
they're like,
oh fuck.
I didn't know what the fuck I was getting into when I signed up for this fucking
shit.
I did not have a fucking clue.
And you look at that and you say,
okay,
before we go to war,
before a government sends people to war,
before Dick Cheney sends people to war,
uh,
saying that it's,
you know,
al Qaeda is being sponsored by Iraq or Iraq having weapons of mass destruction
or all of which was completely made up.
And by the way,
made up by the government that the mainstream media then said,
and by the way,
everybody who had half a brain knew that fucking the secular state of the bath
party was totally against all kinds of,
there's no way out God was doing anything.
But nine 11 was the fucking,
you know,
the,
the sort of carte blanche to go in.
Guess what?
These mother fuckers lost their lives.
They lost their limbs are fucking pissing out of fucking catheter bags now.
And when I said,
you know,
when I first saw a battlefield,
I fucking cried my eyes out because it was the first battlefield you saw that
the first real one was Afghanistan.
Wait,
let me get it right.
And,
and,
and when you see Afghanistan,
Afghanistan in,
in Kunar province,
and then in the,
on the Pakistani border,
and when you see it,
you just go,
okay,
this is the worst shit I've ever fucking seen in my whole life.
What did you say?
You see like,
okay,
you want to get into it.
There's guts coming out of cavities.
There's hands,
there is severed heads.
There's like the bodies are not even whether or not human beings anymore,
just,
it's like cow parts or some shit.
There's blood running into rivers.
There's,
but more than that,
the dead people aren't so bad.
It's the wounded because these fuckers aren't going to walk again.
They're going to be shipping out of a bag.
You know,
the young kids,
you know,
and this is the other thing I say is like,
we're sitting here debating,
well,
Mike cove with my red wine,
or what'd you have a stake?
Or would you have a glass of boot?
These fucking kids,
they're never going to be normal again.
And you sit there.
And by the way,
I'm not,
I'm not saying you can't,
you,
you can't police the world.
And I'm not saying that there aren't bad people out there that have to be bucked
down,
but I am saying if you do that,
you better fucking be cognizant of the fact that when you're sending our best
and our brightest and our fucking nicest fucking kids out there,
that they're going to be coming home with no legs and no arms and shitting out
of a fucking bag.
Unless we realize that then we should never go to fucking war.
Having uh,
having seen that is a perspective that very few people,
not a lot of people in the military,
no.
And the kid then people in the military are coming back and it fucks them up so
much they cannot reenter into fucking society.
Cause when you see that shit,
it fucks your fucking wiring.
I think we're still operating under this,
this
behavior pattern that was established before.
The kind of communication and understanding that we enjoy now exists.
That's exactly my point.
My point is,
our job is to say,
guess what?
You know,
we're not sitting here saying,
don't go to war.
Don't go what?
We're sitting here saying,
this is what happens when you go to a UC.
The guys,
a lot of the guys in the MMA came out of the military.
I
met a kid that had been pronounced dead.
I was,
it was multiple times.
And I don't mean this guy was trying,
his friend was trying to explain to me the amount of times that this kid had
been pronounced dead and brought back to life and that he was,
it was unbelievable.
And the amount of courage that he had shown,
he apparently had jumped on the grenade.
And it was,
it was eh,
and intense,
intense,
intense conversation.
And all I could think of was this guy unquestionably was a hero from a Joseph
Campbell's story.
You know what I mean?
I mean he,
he,
there was a what,
what,
what's exhibited in a true hero is beyond ideology,
beyond politics and political influence and be beyond special interest groups.
Would he exhibited?
Is the thing that we aspire to the most.
That person is willing,
literally sacrifice
their own being for the,
the,
the health and the welfare of the whole.
He was willing to dive on a grenade for the rest of his crew.
I mean,
that's an incredible,
Lee,
a incredibly honorable human being.
Heroes.
We have real straight up heroes.
But the whole thing is,
is,
you know what,
I don't want to send our heroes or,
or I don't think anyone in the world,
and that's not even true.
I don't think anyone in the world should send their arrows to fight a war isn't
philosophically correct.
That isn't backable very true.
You know,
and I think true heroes,
they're the real heroes should be guiding the rest of the heroes.
And we should figure out a way to make people who exactly understand what
warfare is really all about.
Who went and fought should be the fucking voices that we hear about.
Next time we go and fight because they're the motherfuckers that know what
fucking time it is and guess what?
No one listens
to them.
Right.
And I'm going to tell you one thing about this podcast is whenever I say,
you know what,
I fucking saw that shit.
It was bad.
The response I get from from people who have been there,
they're like,
exactly,
exactly.
And I agree with you 100% if we're going to go to war,
then we should listen to our fucking veterans because it is not fucking pretty.
And the people who who make the decisions to go to war or not,
the people that ever have to go fight
those fucking walls of the only people that are going to understand that
reality,
that reality is so extreme that it can be sort of justified and glamorized and
glossed over in a fictional sense by people have never experienced it under the
threat of their own life expiring.
And that's the reality that those people have experienced that no one who can
make their decision from an air conditioned room with a custom designed suit
should ever be allowed to do.
The only people that are going to understand that reality or the people that
have experienced that reality.
And as a whole,
as an organism that respects itself,
it wants itself to evolve.
We should all collectively get together and say this is completely unnecessary
for what we're all looking for and what we're all looking for is happiness and
we can all compete and all of these needs to accomplish and conquer can all be
satisfied in a very ethical way.
Like this idea that we have to continue the Gingiss Conway is nonsense
and if,
if there is a war,
the people who are making that decision have to understand and have to talk to
the people who have previously been there.
Cause if you talked to anybody who's gone to Vietnam,
if you talked to anyone who went to fucking Korea during the Korean War,
if you talk to anybody from World War Two world war one,
Afghanistan,
Iraq,
Bosnia,
anywhere they'll say,
don't fucking do it.
Yeah,
do you not fucking fucking do it because it's fucking bad.
It's really fucking,
but now are there bad people there?
Of course.
Are there bad fucking motherfuckers out there?
Is North Korea fucking crazy?
Do you have to buck them down?
Of course you got to give them a hugs.
They need to all colleagues.
The North Korea needs the most hugs at anybody ever.
They need someone to take them and give them hugs and say,
listen man,
that's going down right now.
By the way,
going down,
that's going to be like any,
any day,
an hour.
You're going to see telling you.
If you listen to me,
please,
I know this sounds crazy,
but you've already accepted Dennis Rodman,
so I know you're over the d listens,
Kim,
Kim Jong,
whatever your name is,
sir,
love God.
I'll call you God.
Listen,
monkey tied on Twitter.
Every buddy knows.
Everybody knows that you need a hug,
okay?
You know,
I know.
We all know.
Let's accept that you're the dominant rule of your situation,
but you shouldn't be because you would be way happier if you weren't.
It'd be way happier if you let all those people go.
You'd be way happier if you released all those political prisoners and slaves
and whatever the fuck you've got going on there with your wacky laws and the
people that were in prison because they didn't cry long enough after your dad
died.
If everybody was led out and everybody said,
all right,
settle everybody.
Settle the fuck down.
Let's vote on this shit.
Let's,
let's be cool with each other.
Let's be nice to each other.
And the dominant person,
the dominant ideas,
the most accepted ideology will pretty much always rise to the top and the
exceptional people that can influence the groups as long as they're doing it in
an ethical way and as long as they're truly trying to advance their culture
could,
but they all need to have a certain amount of,
of reality in their own head,
a certain amount of humility in their own head and a certain amount of
experiences with dark situations or,
or bad moments in life or understanding of failure,
psychedelic experiences,
what are,
or whatever the fuck it is.
But yeah,
I would say for the first time,
and maybe I'm being naive,
but I would say for the first time in history because of the,
uh,
Internet and the freedom of movement of information that you have this,
this young,
you know,
population,
this huge,
massive global young population that most obviously is causing change in,
in,
you know,
Arab spring,
like in these countries where Gaddafi was never going to fucking leap.
You know,
Mubarak was never going to leave and forcing change.
And they're forcing change in Europe,
forcing change around there because young people are pissed off or unhappy.
They're poor,
they're broke,
they don't have a lot of,
uh,
opportunities.
And they're sitting there saying,
we're going to force change.
I think that that change is coming to Asia.
Yes.
And I think that that change,
you know,
but I think that changes come is,
is a,
is a global phenomenon.
The,
the world economic crisis has forced us to wake up and we're saying there's a
lot of young people out there and they're fucking pissed off and they're gonna
fuck shit up.
And they're either gonna fuck shit up in a,
in a good way.
And by the way,
I think Arab spring is a positive thing.
Um,
there's going to be an implosion in Europe if it hasn't already happened.
And we're just seeing the aftershocks.
Um,
there's even shit happening here in America,
which,
by the way,
I'm not afraid of,
cause I like change.
I like things to be sort of stratified and vague because I don't think America,
if you look at right now,
what's happening in Congress,
I think American's political system,
the America,
the political system in America is broken because you have congress just
fighting each other over things that are detrimental to what,
what's going on.
They all need mushrooms.
They do.
They need mushrooms.
Everyone does.
It sounds like somebody needs to force them to say,
hey Yo,
they need a mushroom.
You have to fucking work together for the betterment of this country,
and the only way to do that is to take,
because what they're doing is they're working against each other under fucking,
you should.
Salvia divinorum is legal in 36 states do it.
I'm resetting.
I'm resetting Friday.
Get a motel six in a bong and let's get this party started.
All you need as well as butane lighters,
you've got to heat it to a certain temperature.
Shane,
do you know anything about dolphins?
Because I'm swimming with one shower a day and I can't stop it.
Can I,
can I tell you something?
Yes.
I'm going to tell you the truth.
All right.
So I went down to this dude.
I much,
I'm not allowed to talk too much about,
but I mean it's just,
say his name,
Johnny Pigozzi's island in Panama
and I was on a book that's going to get some email out to,
I was on a boat and I went to a super pod,
you know,
have you ever heard,
I've heard of,
okay.
Suddenly.
Right.
So I was on a super pot with 3000 dolphins,
right?
3000 dolphins,
three thousand three thousand dollars
I saw on craigslist.
Easy.
So what happened is they gave me,
you know,
to see Bob is so like a James Bond mother fucking thing.
No,
it's like a lot.
It was a blow job.
It's a little jet engine that you can keep up with them cause they don't,
they don't like you if you can't keep up with them seriously,
like,
well they need to fucking get over that shit.
You can't say mental pictures.
So I had to see Bob and I were born with that fan or is that some shit?
I was going on my,
see Bob and I was going with it.
The Super Pod,
there's 3000.
This is what I got shit on.
Cause they should a lot.
I got it.
Pissed on.
I got,
come on.
I saw a baby dolphin being born.
There was origins stop right there.
Got You.
The most hard.
No,
I got to tell you what happened.
So,
so,
so I was on the Seba.
Yeah.
And then eventually,
cause the,
see Bob fucking ran in batteries.
I was holding onto the side of the boat with my thing,
a snorkel on my,
and
that's when all the shitting in the pissing in the coming happened.
Cause they're all fucking all the time,
fuck continually back for this.
If they fuck the fuck the fuck and they shouldn't have pissed and it's in a
super pod,
there's just all this matter.
There's all just kinds of like bits,
bits of shit going on.
Yeah.
Just everywhere.
They just come me.
And so this,
this was me,
this was,
this was me being shit pissed and come on,
I was just going
pick it.
I was trying to talk me call.
Yes,
I was trying to talk to them through my snorkel cause it,
cause they come close to you.
If you do,
they come,
they come straight up to you and in fact they'll come.
What you're saying though,
what if you said
don't let me step out Joe.
They had this shit on youtube.
These videos of all the mating calls I've been training for like two weeks to
when I came.
No,
come straight out.
no.
You want killer whale dump.
So come straight up to you.
I'll come like within two inches.
They'll check you out.
They like to give you the eyeball.
They want to check.
These were spinners.
Spinners are the most,
it's like,
it's like Korean.
I wouldn't finish this hawk to a dolphin.
I saw [inaudible] fucking in the super pod then and,
and by the way,
I came out of that,
the wall and out of it I came out of the water covered,
covered in shit.
Piss and curtains
and I've got to say I've got it.
No,
no.
I got to say it was fucking awesome.
It was fucking because,
because,
because you're in the middle of,
you're in the middle of like,
they're doing some crazy shit in their society.
You don't understand what the fuck they're all talking to each other.
They're all talking to each other.
What does it sound like?
There's like you can get there sooner.
Kamani dolphin,
they can talk to you.
How many dolphins are there in the super pod?
There was over 3000 Oh my God.
Okay.
This is $3,000 and this is just a wild fuck fast.
That's exactly right.
So you're down there,
you're,
you got a scuba helmet on and all have Osha.
I've see Bob [inaudible].
It's basically just you and a wetsuit,
right?
No wetsuit.
And you're an artist,
right?
No,
there's no,
but you have a little engine that you push on the button like this.
There's tiny engine to keep you too.
You can't,
swim is fine.
They consume rice as fuck,
but they do this.
The reason why they're called spinners is they do this thing where they're
having sexual or talks with you and they spin up into the water.
So you see like hundreds of dolphins spinning up in the air,
but when you go down into the water,
there's thousands of the dolphins,
like,
like fucking and,
and like,
you know,
having babies and shitting and pissing and everything and they're just there.
They're like actually just hanging out there again,
came along and stole all the Tilapia.
I bet that shit was a party in the house.
I'll tell you what,
that's exactly what it is.
It's not until happier but tuna,
tuna,
whatever.
How long ago were,
uh,
being dolphins have been the same state for a million plus years.
Is that correct?
Yeah.
And,
and that's the interesting thing about it.
They have language,
they have a social norms.
They have all that.
Definitely.
They have names,
three names for each other,
all this shit.
Their cerebral cortex is 40% larger than a human being.
The hottest often is the,
actually the pink dolphin.
It's the rarest ones.
So that's like,
that's like a Japanese girl with the big tits.
Yeah.
Zoe,
didn't dolphins got some big ass?
Is that a saltwater or freshwater dolphins?
I think Brazil.
Right?
Yeah.
That,
of course they had the biggest,
have the biggest ass look at these acids on these thoughts,
but I will say,
I will say,
I will say spinners or my particular faith that's called 90 pound free.
I've never been,
I've never been happy until I was accepted by the spinner.
Paul ever been happy as a human.
That's ridiculous.
I finally have found out.
Do you ever watch Saturday night live?
Where you on amphetamines show?
I'm doing show.
I'm doing this Saturday,
Saturday.
I'm swimming with the dolphins.
I will say,
I will say it's fucking awesome.
Explain what you're doing is fucking awesome.
They're putting me in.
This guy has this like pool about the size of the airport.
It's like regular swimming,
regular swimming pool,
but he has like four dolphins.
They just shoves it in there and just pretty much I'm swimming pool.
Yeah,
and he has like this yoga music on and you just fucking swim naked around his
back pool.
How long are these dolphins been in this pool?
I don't know why.
I don't know how he has to do some sort of porn.
No,
no,
it's not important.
I don't think it's important.
I really don't think it's boring.
Horny.
You know that.
I know very [inaudible].
Wait a minute.
Where are you going to do this?
San Diego.
That's a bit weird.
It's not like somebody's backyard.
He's getting,
he's going to get,
give me his address when I get there.
God,
did you getting rape?
Hold on.
Hold on,
hold on.
Don't do that.
Sounds fucked up.
And you talked to my lawyer.
What are you doing?
You out of your mind.
Listen,
I've watched it.
He sent me video lengths.
I've watched people at home going,
how fucking biggest Rogan's pool.
It is a totally normal backyard pool.
I don't have a crazy pool.
It seems a lot smaller than it should be.
Honestly,
it's a regular pool.
If anybody has for dolphins in my pool,
you're an ass hole.
Okay?
You don't need to congregate with those types of humans.
I will say
I have some proclivities to play cards and uh,
I went to Atlanta,
so play some cards and I swam with the dolphins in Atlantis.
You know,
you swim with them and whatever.
I had a good time.
They're nice.
Dolphins.
Everybody's nice,
but I gotta tell you one thing.
When you go out,
when they're wild,
motherfuckers in the pods there,
they could fuck you up.
They could kill you,
bite you,
fuck you up in the second,
and you know what they want to do.
What do they want to play with you?
They want to talk to you.
They want to fucking hang out with you.
And then you realize these nice,
nice
dolphin.
The sharks will fuck you up.
The sharks will get you.
And even looking for me,
they're looking to do the cleanup crew,
but they don't kill but office.
By the way,
dolphins,
he meet dolphins eat meat.
The same Starks do and dolphins will fuck a shark up.
But what the dolphins for some fucking reason,
they have this weird affinity with humans.
They won't kill you.
They won't eat you.
They won't fuck you up.
They'll save you later.
The sailors always said,
you know,
the fucking night officers don't have it together either.
I don't know.
I don't know because I'll tell you one thing.
I've been,
I swam around sharks and I was shit scared.
Yeah.
When I was swimming around dolphins,
I was not scared at all.
You know why?
We have very polite,
very nice for like fucking massage settled down
just they don't have thumbs and they know we have done.
It's that simple.
They don't have thumbs and they know we have guns.
They're not stupid.
What's going on here is they realized that evolution has blessed them with the
ability to move through their waters as if they were flying through the fucking
sky likes super heroes and they don't have to breathe for minutes at a time.
They can always get to the surface and less.
Some crafty Japanese dudes have manufactured some sort of a netting that traps
them in.
I'd just like to say things have gotten real weird at all.
It's a bowl.
It's a life and death struggle
and the reason why dolphins or is ruthless is the ar is because life demands
that at the top of the pyramid of fucking craziness.
We're out there.
He's a bit weird going to like it.
He's married,
he's Marysville weirded out by this is it.
This is a bit the dolphins and little about something.
We figured it out.
Dolphins and sinkholes.
What about p?
There was a dolphin.
They become a werewolf.
Yeah.
What about all that?
What about syphilis?
You're being rude.
You're being rude by eliminating a lot of my fears.
Trying to categorize me as some sort of a normal meatheads showed they go,
why don't we do podcasts like this every day?
Also,
I think that we're capable,
girl,
so my question of food versus Booz has been answered.
Thank you.
Right?
I can take a cardboard sandwich with a good pause.
I have not tasted it.
Yeah,
beaten several times.
I'm ready to kill a buffalo bitch.
I'm ready to go to Aubrey's hunting buffalo.
Yeah.
I need a lot of red meat,
man.
It's very important.
It's imperative to keep
my fucking,
I thought the red meat was the inflammatory shit.
Not Sense the real show.
It's the highest thing of cholesterol and the real issue is,
yeah.
Yeah.
Brian,
what is that word?
Hey,
I'm trying to,
hey,
I have to worry about you now.
You're getting ready to look.
The word Fart.
Monkey crashing.
Battle ropes,
real inflammation.
As far as animal tissue,
there's a lot of it.
It's been correlated
to cows eating corn.
My problem is I,
I love to eat.
I love eating food.
I love drinking.
Here's the problem with corn fed beef.
God Damn delicious.
Okay.
A Ribeye,
a solid silver mesquite charcoal.
You were talking,
you were talking about when you first saw vice and you're like,
I saw your to noble shit.
And I say
the first Rogan podcast ever heard was,
you know how much fucking shit it takes to make a skirt steak or strip steak
strips that you were talking about strip steak.
And maybe it was Anthony Bourdain,
but he's somebody who knew you were talking about us as a strip steak and you
were saying this fucking steak.
They take it out of the whole cow and this is the fucking thing.
And you put it on the Goddamn barbecue and you would never,
and I was sitting there and I was like,
why the fuck isn't he talking about a porterhouse?
Cause the porterhouse has the strip and the,
and the filet,
the bone with the bone.
So it's got the best of both worlds.
It's like a shemale like we were talking.
It's got the,
it's got the filet and the,
and the fucking on the fucking boat.
So anyways,
first podcast I ever heard was talking about steak and that's when I,
was it Anthony.
Oh,
he fell in love and that's sweet.
I'm glad we're,
it's a mutual,
I don't know how this feels like the marathon,
like three hour park
for Dean,
who's one of the first guys.
I was like,
I hope this guy likes me.
It would suck if I love him.
I love his shows.
I love what awesome and what he's done is awesome.
He's so,
he's so honest about his intentions,
but a guy who can take tape and fucking make it into what he did.
I said,
let me tell you something about how committed Anthony is to food.
He takes this drug so that he can still eat pork.
He takes some sort of was Lipitor or whatever.
The funny thing is,
some anti,
they,
they literally said to him,
you must change your diet.
You traveling all over the world,
you're eating cholesterol.
Exactly.
Cholesterol field,
fatty foods,
red wine,
make it decide to make a decision.
It's either Lipitor or it's,
it's no fatty foods.
You either take this trace and liberatory takes the dry out.
Fuck,
he doesn't give up.
He's like,
I want the poor.
Well,
pork,
well,
because if you go into any country,
beef generally sucks.
America,
the beef is fantastic,
but generally it's sucks cause beef is,
it needs a lot of grass and lots of food and little water.
So beef in most countries is shit,
but pork,
like when you have pork from a third world country or,
or yet Yardbirds the best.
What's your impaired like a yard bird.
I call those.
Nevermind.
Like a bird that lives in the yard.
Is that a page?
No.
Chicken.
But they'll just like,
let's say you go to Jamaica,
right?
They have a yardbird.
They just go out and kill it.
They take it and they cover it and,
and the barbecue the
fuck out of it.
Not Jerked.
Everyone always talks about church again.
It's fucking barbecue chicken in Germany.
And it's the best fucking thing ever.
Why?
Because it's the yardbird,
it's just been eating the fucking shit,
whatever.
Same thing when you go anywhere else,
people don't realize that like you can take like your scraps of your tables.
Scraps the same report.
Yeah.
If you had a bunch of chickens,
you can throw them in the backyard and they can like live right.
Well or Apps,
Yardbirds,
the most delicious motherfuckers you'll ever have in your fucking life.
What we have here is some Purdue genetically modified bullshit,
but if you ever have a yardbird just from anywhere,
like they're just wrote just to relive it or put it on a grill,
do whatever the fuck.
It's the best.
You know,
you sit there and you go,
what the fuck am I eating?
This is the best thing ever asked you this because I have,
I have two inclinations and one inclination is to be in the woods on the top of
a mountain,
the well and experiencing nature.
And the other inclination is to be in the hive,
to be deep inside of Manhattan on 20 well bubble world,
all street in the middle of or of under mountain guy.
The yes and no.
It's like I don't know what w.
W w w where's the gravity coming from?
Is it coming from the masses of humanity,
although imperfect at the moment might be trying harder to work shit out or is
it from this sort of reluctant agreement that the earth is much more powerful
than the culture at this point in time?
It's better to just isolate yourself from all these idiots who haven't gotten
the information yet and get your own water from a hole in there.
I think you know,
again,
maybe the quintessential question of the modern age.
So you're,
you're in both spots.
Yeah.
Cause you're in a guy live in Manhattan,
you have children yet.
So you're on that next level of sensitivity.
I
spend a majority of my time out there and the shit,
and I will tell you this,
when you actually have something like for example,
like you said,
if you kill a deer and you,
you,
you cook that on an open fire,
nothing tastes better than that.
You're right.
However,
the thing is is this might be my paranoia.
You got your sinkholes in your werewolves.
My,
what I think is happening is there's,
there's a global restructuring happening.
Yeah,
there is.
There is a global restructuring happening that people are seeing.
They're calling the greatest recession since the depression.
There were saying,
well this is this and this is that.
I think this is the new normal.
So to be honest,
and I'm not necessarily proud of this,
what I love about New York City is I kind of feel like neuro is,
Rome is burning because I believe New York City is the greatest city in the
world.
I believe it's the capital of the world culturally and economically and
politically for that matter.
And you know when you go out in New York City,
you know,
it has the best restaurants in the world as the best nightlife in New Orleans,
as has the best.
I believe it has the best everything in the world.
I'm a huge fan of New York City.
I'm not from New York,
New York.
So I say wrong.
Well it does and so you can fuck up.
But what I will say,
what I will say is when you,
when you go out in New York City right now,
today,
and it might be Shanghai in 10 years,
whatever,
but today New York is the global capital and you can go out in New York City and
you can like me come as a penniless immigrant and become a fucking rich
motherfucker who can go out and have the greatest food.
And by the way,
that food can be like a dollar spring off the Vietnamese bice or the best steak
at Peter Luger's,
whatever the fuck it is.
New York,
Peter,
Look New New York.
We'll give you everything.
New York has everything.
It's fantastic.
God Damn it,
I'm moving to New York.
But we got blue cross blue shield.
But where,
where are we going?
Where are we going underground to a locker?
Where are we
going is and where do I feel the happiest is?
I feel the happiest out in nature.
I feel the happiest at sea.
I feel the happiest in the forest.
I feel the happiest grilling meat over a grill.
You know,
all this shit bring Manhattan.
But the forest.
But what I will tell you is I don't,
I believe that the,
that the sort of Roman back in alien craziness that is New York today is going
to be around that much longer.
I'm unpacking the alien.
Well,
Roman,
like the end of Rome,
the Roman Empire and back in alien,
Bacchus,
the sort of uh,
the god of wine and drink and party.
How obscure your references,
sorry.
Shel Silverstein Times
God of booze.
How do you know about these people?
I read books,
Bitch.
Okay.
I understand this back in Anglian it means boozy.
It's been three times during this podcast at the mag safe electrical cord
connecting to my laptop has dropped off through my flailing hand.
That means it took Gooden.
Dude,
you have a battery and last three hours you don't have to work.
No,
no,
no.
I'm upset with apple.
Why this?
It's 100%.
They changed their charges all the time.
Stop playing games.
Okay.
Finally at 45 years of age.
I'm a part of a national company that sells things and one of the things that I
realize is you can decide to make more money.
You fucks.
Are you paying?
No,
no,
but hey,
ice tea,
iced tea.
The wrapper.
Oh yeah.
You meant to say we never came up with the Olive Olive Garden Garden.
Yeah.
Just keep the camera off my man as he meditates into a trance,
a trance
snap one off a transcendental meditation point where he understands the point of
view that he is in right now.
Well not represent where he will be in infinity is if he is in fact a soul and
if a soul trends grasses from one point in history to another over and over and
over
for until you get it right.
Now that sounds like hippie bullshit,
but do you understand that Helio Gracie believes in this Helio Gracie,
you said something once.
If you don't know who he is,
his real name,
he is in Helio Gracie.
I say that for all you white people who don't understand how Brazilian people
pronounce things,
but they pronounce the,
for whatever reason,
Helio Gracie,
h e l I o was pronounced Ilial Gracie.
That's how the Portuguese in Brazil use that.
That word,
Helio Gracie,
he said something once and he's the guy who trained Hixon Gracie and hoists
Gracie,
the original winner of the UFC and the UFC too.
I mean hoists Gracie change the entire face of mark.
Wasn't he the dude who also said,
I'll take on all comers,
all weight classes and we'll,
we'll,
we'll pay 10 or a hundred grand or whatever the number changes,
but he said,
I'll take on any fighter,
any weight class and I'll fight them.
Not only did Elliot Gracie
do this,
he did this when he was 140 plus pounds,
yet he was like one 45 he developed a method of using leverage and using
techniques to submit guys that were much,
much,
much larger than you.
Okay.
He trained Hickson and trained hallways.
He trained some of the most influential martial artists in the history of the
world.
One of the things he said,
hold on a second.
One of the things he said is that you live this life and if you make even one
mistake and you live this life incorrectly,
you will return and you will do it all over again until you get it right and
that sounds crazy.
I heard about that and I was like,
Oh,
you motherfucker,
why you put on that bullshit on me?
There's no way anybody's ever going to live this life perfectly and get it.
And then I thought,
if anybody
knows,
if anybody understands the path of man in its truest form without,
okay,
without hyperbole,
without
d,
directing other people's insecurities back on different folks to alleviate the
pressure of reality.
If anybody's going to understand who,
what the fuck is really going on,
it's going to be 140 pound man who's willing to take on the greatest fighter.
Any but any fighter,
any fight or anything
style,
any weight,
any fucking wait,
that's insane.
Kamora
his arm with a Kimora we'd come on.
It's a shoulder lock.
It's the catch wrestling guys call it a double restaurant.
A double wrist lock.
But this technique became known as a Kamar.
He broke his arm.
Illia wouldn't tap out.
He let him break his arm.
Did you ever see the thing I did,
I went down to,
uh,
Sao Paulo and Rio.
Um,
and I hung out with the grace.
He's in a hung out with the fighters down there in the valley to though guys,
they are the fucking toughest dudes in the fucking world.
The,
the Valley Tudo guys are fucking,
uh,
no,
it's a crazy way to live.
Now.
They're all fighting MMA.
They're all funding UFC.
Well,
they,
they do that now because they realized there's prosperity in that they can,
they can get out of the,
uh,
of the favelas,
but they are the toughest motherfuckers alive down.
Yes.
One of the most beautiful things about what Leo said,
what Helio Gracie said when he said that
he would like that,
that he literally had sort of figured out a way to test who you are and task
what you could figure out and test what you could do.
And he truly believed in these most extreme of circumstances,
literally fighting these much larger,
much stronger man and letting them break his arms.
He believe that if you live this life,
that you must do it correctly.
And if you did anything wrong,
anything contrary to your spirit or contrary to the,
the,
the sole or the collective idea of humanity as whole being of the utmost
importance.
So you,
the one who is tested must represent humanity.
And in that saying that if you made any mistakes,
she would do it again.
I was so scared when I,
when I,
when I read that,
I was like,
that might be the one of the most frightening things I've ever read by life.
Cause he might be right.
Right.
What does that guy in his battles literally almost to the death.
I mean he was fighting anybody modern day commit to a bloodsport.
That's a small man.
Exactly.
And he kicked the fuck out of everybody.
I weigh 190 pounds.
That means this guy,
he was 145 pounds
and he would take any five pounds more than me.
That's an,
it's less than me.
That's an insane amount of weight.
And this guy would take,
and I wouldn't take on anybody in the world.
He would take on big,
giant people,
people.
And in throwing himself into the fire,
he had an understanding of human life and of human nature.
And he,
he sort
of in some way relayed that to said,
can I give a shout out and can I tell you,
are you giving a shout?
Are you a black guy or a white rapper?
Can I give a shit is happening here?
I would like to give a shout out to one guy who I met.
He's a guy named Matt Ruskin,
right?
And he was in the marines in Iraq and they had these fight clubs in,
in Iraq and they would,
the marines,
they were for like forced week on these,
these were tough motherfucker.
And he was doing this,
uh,
they'd had these fight clubs and they would fight the fuck out of each other.
And he,
he's like 200 pounds.
And he would fight,
guys were two 50.
He would fight guys or one 50.
He was fighting.
And he would beat them all.
And he came back and he started doing MMA.
He started fighting him and me and he hooked up with this guy,
uh,
one of the Gracies and,
and you're taught him Brazilian Jujitsu,
of which he was I believe,
five time world champion.
Uh,
the Gracie,
which God,
I'm forgetting his fucking name.
He's fucking amazing.
He is amazing guy.
Yeah,
he's a Gracie.
And I went down to visit Gracie.
Well wait,
is he a compete at heavyweight heavyweight?
He was heavy.
We was five time world Brazilian Jujitsu champion and a hodge,
not quite a heavyweight.
He competes in MMA at one 85.
I don't think he fights anymore,
but he was,
he was,
he was a Brazilian Jujitsu champion five times.
Okay.
Global champion.
Anyway,
Matt Ruskin hooked me up with this guy we went down to,
to remember his name at all.
See Gracie,
that's a problem.
Got.
But,
but he's a,
he's a big,
big fucking heavyweight heavyweight.
Yeah.
Heavyweight grains.
I went down,
if you can look it up.
I went down with them on,
uh,
you know,
to Echo,
shout out to heavyweight Gracie,
shout out,
but I gotta say this,
Matt Ruskin,
the marine fought in Iraq,
came back,
started fighting with the Gracies,
took me down there,
show me what the fuck was going on.
And I've got to say,
you know,
I learned the story of the Gracies from the Gracies when I was down there and
that story of,
you know,
Brazilian Jujitsu and him sort of taken on all commerce,
uh,
with,
with the bounty.
Uh,
you know,
like if you,
if you can beat me,
when I heard it was 1 million bucks,
but I think it was actually more like a hundred grand.
This is in like the 70s and eighties.
This is like the Valley Tuto Times.
Wait a minute.
A heavyweight Gracie from back then.
Oh No,
now,
then the Gracie that brought me down,
she,
I'm going to get no hoe.
Hollis Gracie's very famous,
but well,
Hollis,
the son of holes,
right?
It's a great,
I'm going to get in shit for forgetting his name.
That's okay.
Think about it for a real good looking guy.
He was a model.
Real good looking guy.
Hickson Hickson is the most handsome of all time and the of all,
this guy was
actually a model in Brazil.
I'm not gay.
And Matt Ruskin,
if you can,
if you could tweet me his name.
He was a model.
Yeah,
model and a great idea and got your pants
and five time global.
Two champions.
We are now in a swamp of disinformation.
No,
it's true.
No wick PDI.
If someone could tweet us right now,
we don't have a great show.
Hung out.
Let,
let me tell you something.
I'm going to look at my phone.
I'm at Ruskin.
Email me his name.
I'm sure Matt Ruskin is probably got a good
gator roll and maybe an animal
kind of choke or victor,
victor,
good half guard.
He shaves and this guy was more of a Jujitsu straight up.
Let me explain something.
Okay.
First of all,
no bullshit.
Yeah.
I've been doing Jujitsu since 1998 and I've never heard of a Gracie heavyweight.
He seems like he's a way.
He's a heavyweight who won world Jujitsu.
Oh,
championship.
Okay,
I understand.
got it.
Great.
See in MMA,
who was a man?
He's,
he beat Bob Sapp.
I think he's,
uh,
he fought in the UFC once he lost,
but I think it was more of a case of,
uh,
when they,
when,
when a guy immediately gets thrown into the UFC,
there's a thing that happens causing it.
They called an adrenaline dump where you get in front of,
uh,
the,
the big cameras and you think about the hoists,
Gracie fights of 1993 and you panic.
It's like the overwhelming input of the,
the,
the moment is,
it's too much.
Matt,
how are you?
I'm here with Joe Rogan.
We're talking about the Gracies.
Let me talk to this and I'm saying,
who's the crazy?
Daniel Gracie.
Daniel.
World's Jujitsu champion.
How many times?
Three times.
Yeah.
So He's,
he's a global,
a Jujitsu champion.
Uh,
Daniel Gracie,
I want,
I'm going to put you on the Rogan and hold on a second.
Talk to him.
Okay.
By the way,
Matt Roskins a fucking awesome dude.
And Matt,
can you hear him?
Yeah.
Ah,
what's up Matt?
How do you know powerful Shane Smith from vice.com?
How rude.
Cause first of all,
how rude.
How bout,
how bout hey,
settle down.
First of all,
how about you tell him first and foremost that you love them.
You don't have to go right into your,
you're a fat fuck and you're going to die.
He knows how much you love him.
You say that,
but is that touch alleviate the,
okay.
Oh,
no.
Gay stuff.
This is a late date podcast.
There's a lot of dudes that are listening to this in the shower.
I'm sorry.
Keep going
Matt.
So he knows how much I love known to let him fool you.
No gay stuff,
Bro.
We're late night.
So we just became friends after that.
I did some work with the mid rise before,
before five land.
They did this whole thing of me when I was training for one of my fries.
Uh,
they said that their friend Thomas around with you for a while.
Um,
but we went tell him about when we went down with Daniel Gracie.
Yeah.
Jordan to a weapons bizarre with them.
Daniel Gracie.
Yeah.
For those with uh,
with Daniel.
Here's the thing about Daniel Gracie.
Daniel Gracie is a very,
very,
very talented Brazilian Jujitsu fighter.
But his real last name,
I don't believe was it initially Gracie,
I think he sort of
those cousins,
his hands,
his cousin.
Yeah.
And I think his,
his,
his mom's name is Gracie,
but his dad's name and his birth name was not Gracie.
Right.
Vieira
yeah,
I
escape,
I believe this is what I believe.
I believe he's a very talented fighter but I believe this whole idea of
connecting yourself to the word Gracie is it is ultimately very self defeating.
And,
and when a guy does that,
I almost want to pull them aside.
If it was Daniel,
you're a bad mother fucker or whatever the fuck your last name is.
It doesn't matter.
You know,
you need to get your,
your head wrapped around the fact that that's all bullshit.
Gracie is a great name but it's 2013 and when he was competing eight,
nine,
10,
whatever the fuck it was,
2008,
it doesn't matter.
What matters is how good you are and adopting the name.
Gracie almost makes people think like,
oh well this guy is trying to get a little extra attention for for no reason.
The,
the,
the world championships in the world championship.
So you either mounted guy who take us back,
you tap them,
whatever you do,
you either do or you don't do.
And it doesn't matter if your name is Marcello Garcia who's unbelievably
respected.
I mean Marcel Garcia is the top of the pyramid when it comes to Brazilian
Jujitsu in the world today in 2013 or Gracie,
it doesn't matter.
So whatever his name was,
what was his real name?
I think the family name is smallest ones.
And one of the two.
Matt,
how many times you've been hiring in your life?
Don't lie to me.
How many times have you been hiding in your life?
Okay,
more than 10 is it more than 10
okay.
Yes.
Okay,
so we could probably go camping together.
How many times you ate and pot brownies and thought about chicks you fingered
when you were 14 you were really upset.
Like Kira Gate.
Gracie more
than 10 that's why I love talking to you Matt.
Let's keep it together Matt.
But there was a few guys that did that.
Uh,
the Gracie thing where they use,
what I'm going to say is Daniel Gracie's,
but that might want to go,
what am I going to say?
He's a bad motherfucker.
But by the way,
he took us around Brazil.
He took us to the valley.
Tudo Jim's.
He took us to the gyms.
He took us with Matt and I got to say it was fucking,
I got to say,
you see a different level of shit down there.
Then you will see anywhere else they did these guys train like motherfuckers.
Do you hear this mat and do you agree with this?
Okay.
Yeah.
The craziest thing,
I was in the Marine Corps that I lack in oh four,
we all walked into the favela and we were in the complex at all and now,
which is at the time was like the worst of the worst.
And we had to grow as the boss if we could come in here and film.
So the boss or he has no problem.
Just don't tell him the kids with the guns and we're looking around and we're
like,
what kids,
what guns?
We take a clog,
a left turn down the street and I mean it was just wall to wall.
14 year olds,
15 year olds with like military grade weapons.
I mean you got a picture of the book,
it was like one word,
shorts,
flip flops,
you know like a 1989 Luther Campbell like gold rope chamber,
the medallion,
you know,
mouth to mouth or side to side now cold,
he's fucking you know,
collapsible stock and forwarded a cog grenade launcher the whole nine.
I mean these kids were armed to the fucking cheat and everyone that we went down
there with was just looking around like whole Lee shit.
You can never end a story by saying like Holy Shit,
I am a very good story.
I was with however you leave us can say this.
Can you give us the respect of a v M
I was,
I was with Matt on that and there was,
there was 14 year old kids
cause it was all a blur cause like I said probably was riding from like,
you know,
one of the 11 times,
don't lie to me Matt say yes.
Yes.
Okay.
Listen Bro,
I feel what you're saying.
And I was only fucking around.
I was filling some dead space where we're trying to recalibrate our reality duty
or circumstances and your story being paradigm shifting.
Fuck them.
I'm not that fucked up.
Listen,
I want to tell you Matt,
man,
I'm giving you a shout out.
I love you.
This guy fucking is an awesome guy.
Ex Marine and a fighter.
I love you Matt Mad.
I'm very sorry that you got dragged into a podcast.
It was just a phone call for you and all of a sudden Shane Smith talking about
some crazy shit and you're like,
God dammit,
I gotta tell the truth because
Matt,
but,
but then you had Ruskin and I don't give a fuck.
But then your Gracie is a bad ass mother fucker.
Unquestionably,
but was his real name Matt,
Daniel Gracie,
what is his real name?
And I completely,
by the way,
I want to let everybody know is no judgment involved in that whatsoever.
I completely understand why someone who especially was in a situation where
there were a very talented guy and they were trying to maximize the,
the sort of the,
the spread of their name as far as possible and the word Gracie because of
hoists and because of Horian and what they come with the accomplished in UFC
one,
it was one of the most important moments in the history of martial arts.
Would you agree,
Matt?
Yeah,
I agree.
It's,
it's for people who don't know the history of it or weren't there when it's
happening as martial artists,
it was one of the most important moments ever.
It's like all of a sudden we found out what really works.
Right,
right.
And those guys,
that name,
that Gracie name,
that shit's like cue tips or Kleenex,
you know,
it's anonymous.
I don't give a fuck about your tissues.
If you have tissues made by Kraft macaroni and cheese,
if they're right next to clean x,
I'm taking the Kleenex.
Okay,
cause they dominate as does the NFL.
They dominate as well.
You know what I'm saying?
Matt?
Jesus Christ back me up
100% thank you Matt.
Thank you.
In what way?
Like Daniel,
Daniel was a company.
You know?
Why do you know why?
Okay.
Do you know why?
Because they're smart mother fuckers because they're smart motherfuckers and
they know how to make debt paper son.
Matt,
don't don't freeze up on me.
Now we're in the deep end of the pool.
Matt,
we're not close to the lip.
Hang in there.
Did you see the new guy?
Matt,
are you with me buddy?
I'm sorry.
Listen man,
I need to apologize to you as a human being.
You didn't know what the fuck was going on here.
You get dragged into this conversation.
Shane Smith calls you.
It's a where do you live,
sir?
Don't don't tell me.
East Coast,
west coast or mountain time.
East Coast.
Oh,
too late as fuck.
What I'm trying to say is Matt is an awesome dude.
Do you hear this mat?
He said,
Matt isn't Shane Smith Just said Matt is an awesome dude and then you'll grace.
He's an awesome and Daniel grace is an awesome dude.
And what?
And what they showed me was awesome
credit.
Any of that.
We're not trying to discredit any of that.
Matt,
you understand this,
correct?
No,
not yet.
Two,
three minutes.
Listen,
what's important Matt is you understand that I respect and adore Daniel Gracie
and anybody gets in there.
I just think she had a,
if I could be have been there when Henzel and all those other guys are trying to
talk Daniel into using the last name.
Gracie.
Oh,
so let's think this shit through.
So Fendley salvage it pretty good.
What's the name is Silva.
Okay.
We're going to be fine.
We don't need Gracie.
What are you crazy as your name?
Hanzo.
Hey,
Dez Hanzo.
Do you support this Daniel character?
Yeah.
What the fuck difference does it make?
What noise you make with your mouth that represents his last name a week.
Cool.
Jesus Christ for the greater good of the humanity of the world.
How about we forget about
imperial dictatorships and names that dominate sports history.
You feel me,
Matt?
Do you know eating marijuana is different if you,
hey,
Matt.
Matt,
I'm sorry dude.
This is so rude.
You love him.
I love you,
Matt.
I'm so sad that I dragged you into this and even though I did it with no malice,
so they met Rhonda percent.
Matt Ruskin,
Ruskin
do this to be mean.
I just did this because that's my nature.
I am the Scorpion.
You are the frog.
This is how shit goes down.
I didn't mean to do this.
Matt Ruskin is a beautiful,
Hey Matt Ruskin.
Will you do,
will you do my podcast,
sir?
I'd be honored if you would do my podcast when we do.
Will you do with chain?
Have just opened up in a hot tub in San Diego with the stop it.
No dolphins and no Sharman.
Ask Him if he'd ever experiment with a dolphin.
Matt,
just tell him you love him.
have you ever watched a Rodeo and felt sorry for the bowls?
Nothing.
Listen,
Matt,
I love the fuck out of here.
Even though we've never met.
He's a good man.
If Shane Smith says you're good man,
you're a good man.
Do you feel me?
All right,
let's move.
Okay,
Jihad.
Hey,
can we give a shout out to mountain grip and girls?
I'm going to go.
I'm saying Green Mountain
grills are bad ass skin.
Matt Ruskin and Daniel Grace.
You're a fucking great guy.
I just want to give you a shadow man.
I just had my first cook and that was one of the most,
the least entertaining
dude that broke my face.
I got with one of the funniest shit things I've ever seen in my life.
My face hurts Joe.
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow you're going to look at that video and you're going to be like,
listen,
I just tied Daniel Gracie into Wikipedia.
I don't even remember doing it.
Oh,
you cracked me that bad ass mother fucker though.
And Haji,
Haji Gracie.
So one of the most Gracie's fullstop or about us.
Yeah.
Hotjar is fighting in the UFC.
I believe.
I can't man.
I want to say he's fighting Tim Kennedy.
Yeah,
but I'm not,
oh,
hold on a second.
I'm going to pull it up.
What are you laughing at
this episode?
You know what?
I dragged this guy.
I met him on
mine.
You know,
can I,
can I say one thing?
Can I say one thing?
Yes sir.
I'm pissed off because I saw a tweet because I follow you on Twitter.
You fucker.
Yes.
And wait a minute.
And somebody was tweeting their shoes.
They made with your design.
Yes.
I don't have those shoots.
And that's Jill.
That's Jill.
Who Does the calendar for desk squad.
Dot.
TV show.
I don't get a pair of fucking stuff.
If I don't get shoes.
Would that design did I can wear every day?
Well,
and then I'm going to be pissed.
Quest this shoes on.
Understand that Brian is in the middle of
number three.
But that's like pimping and pissing at pissing of your,
but that's what he's doing about,
listen,
I don't even know what that fucking means.
You stop listening.
There's a noises come.
He panic right now.
He's on cat number three.
There was ketamine number one who originally was my favorite.
That's the one over your right shoulder right there.
Cat Walk.
But then once I fell in love with the Wendy's cat and the second cat is my
favorite.
Can I say one thing?
Tom Ford is making money off of doing these uh,
baroque a slippers or with the like Baroque gold things and I'm saying hold on
was broke like a
tapestries hearing that word tapestry.
17th Century.
He's taken tapestries making snippy zone sound for 1000 bucks.
I want a red fucking man fucking shoe that I saw on Twitter.
And the fact Joe shows the fact that I don't have those shoes.
I don't have the shoes make me fucking pissed off.
I want to wear those when I go to the Academy Awards.
Although I haven't made the film.
I want to,
they want to do the right thing.
Joe.
No Academy Awards.
Okay.
Did you don't go to the desk,
the death star
Star.
If I don't get a pair of those shoes,
I'm fucking pissed off.
We need new shoes.
We need low one slippers slippers
that he has designed and made.
Otherwise I'm fucking pissed the same.
Brian does not have any time to design and make slippers.
Well he does because I see them on Twitter.
Listen,
Brian and I,
if we're working together for at least a decade now,
2003 bad at those are bad ass shoe.
I want them,
but I want them more plus,
no doubt.
Okay.
Made out of sort of a how long we've been working together for 10 years.
This is the most important thing with Brian.
Can't tell Brian what to do.
You can't let,
Brian can't put any pressure on him.
You can tell the bookie at least a couple of days a week.
You have to show up and do this,
but other than that,
you got to leave them alone.
That's the only way these hypnotic cats get discovered.
I will fight what that shit.
If you live in a fucking cubicle and you're panicking,
taken Adderall all day just to get through your work load,
I will fight Royce Gracie.
If I can have a pair of those,
shave that you say that,
but no one,
no one has ever gotten you into a proper rear naked choke.
If you you,
if you,
if you choke Hanks,
if you choked me,
you would win in 3.2 seconds,
but I would,
I would be wearing the shoes.
That's what I need.
Well,
you'd win.
I'm giving.
I can seen,
but I want the shoes.
I don't even know how we got to this credit.
I don't know either.
I'm telling you gotten off track the kids on his way,
which by the way,
fuck that.
Your shoes are amazing.
Your design.
They're amazing.
I know I said
last time,
your fucking designs are good.
I want those fucking shoes.
I understand what you're saying,
but what you need to understand is the next cat is going to be on the next
level.
No.
Why are you putting the pressure on me getting be looking at me as a,
I'm like fuck those slippers.
Death Squad.
Chocolate filled Twinkies when I fucking around.
By the way,
you're fucking spine is bulging.
You're eating a fucking twinkie.
I'm allowed to have some fucking shoes.
Twinkie show shop.
It's a chocolate.
You don't even make that.
Not like this shit.
You're putting your tire when you want to fix a flat expired a long time ago.
Cockroaches and Twinkies are the only things that will survive the apocalypse.
What do you mean you're getting ready?
You're getting ready.
You're good fucking getting your Twinkies ready,
but I want my shoes ready.
As the fucking bomb goes off,
I'm going to be looking good.
Anyone right now collecting their thoughts and gathering their finances on their
way to the bank on their way to financing their very first yoga studio.
I want you to
know,
I know this,
this,
this podcast doesn't represent how you feel right now.
When you,
when you're,
when you're in that train and you're thinking
as you make the connection to the bus on your way to work,
I don't want to be that guy.
I don't want to be added control worrying about asteroids within Kestrel
viruses.
It looked like fucking aliens grown inside my shit tract.
Be that guy.
Cool.
How does this help me?
This helps me because squad mates,
because this helps all of us because we need all of the information about all of
the possible realities of all of the human beings existing in this temporary
state that we both exist in.
That you all three of us right now,
this 2000
can I say one thing?
Let me say whatever the fuck you want.
Joe Rogen,
taekwondo motherfucker,
the voice of the MMA.
How drunk are you?
Fear factor.
Fear factor too.
Are you secret and and and fashion.
Fucking mogul.
Because unless I get those Goddamn fucking shoes,
there's going to be things can then be how we're going to get those shoes
and you know,
we're going to find this cow who made those shoes?
We're going to ask her ass chill him at Psu.
That girl.
Yeah.
See I know about my superfan.
I will say,
oh we'll say one last thing cause I just tossed cost has been going on for $800
but I will say this.
How about fucking Joe Rogan?
Joe Rogan fucking shut up between fear factor and your UFC shit and all your
other shit.
But the fucking podcast that you do,
and by the way,
I'm sitting here in a room with 700 cameras that red bands set up.
I'm sitting here doing,
we're doing podcasts with you.
The fact that you do these podcasts and you finance these podcasts,
you need to these buckets.
I've got to say,
I fucking handed to you my friend I fucking handed to you.
This all may stuff thing.
Listen,
let me explain it.
Shot it.
Hey,
how about this?
How about this?
You got to take it.
You got it.
If I say,
you're fucking awesome,
you have
the fucking take it.
I understand sweetie pie,
but here,
here's the problem with that.
You can never believe you.
If you start talking to me in these crazy superlatives and tell me how awesome I
am,
like this guy is basically full of Shit,
okay?
I'm going to tell you the truth.
Lock it up and throw it.
Oh,
now,
see now this is going to be meeting you in the back alley,
but I'm going to tell you the truth is you don't have to do these fucking
podcast.
You don't have to fucking sit here and deal with shit heads like me,
but I will tell you
you want some in your wrong,
sir,
because the money comes into us
paying off us.
To us,
US talking about this shit is because you fucking paid for this fucking room
with all the cameras and the fucking microphone.
I did not pay for this room.
This is mostly Brian's.
The only thing I paid for it,
whether it by camp,
the
Imac,
give Kudos to you and if you don't take it,
then I'm going to put this pin up yours.
Okay?
This is you.
Normally I would say thank you very much,
but this particular,
why do I get shit if I go?
No,
no,
no.
You are absolutely allowed to,
but I have to tell you that in this particular situation,
since we're at the Ice House,
this was 99% Brian's work,
which I give him Kudos.
Well,
I'm trying to fucking buy fucking footwear off of me.
Won't give it to one.
No,
no.
What I'm saying is that I don't have any deal with it,
although he's,
I gave her,
Mary made a strange situation,
but Brian and I had been friends and employees and I tried to distance myself
from the employee aspect as much as possible,
but he really created this whole room.
He decorated it.
The only thing,
he's a smart motherfucker,
our friend Brendan gave us that brancher Brandon gave us that picture.
I asked him to put that up and that's it.
Other than that,
it's just a,
it's salt.
Brian's cool.
You don't have to do these podcasts and the,
and the fact that the fact that you do these us,
the fact that you have Anthony Bordain and the fact that you have me to vet,
you have all these people on that is something special.
And I know we always get to this at the end of it,
but I got to say what you're doing with,
with Brian and with yourself,
come on now at least accept the fact that that's an important fucking this
fucking thing.
And by the way,
if you don't accept it,
I will do something bad with this.
Listen,
I have a crop,
my God tee shirt on and I got my keys and my knuckles and I'm ready to fucking
party.
I'm telling you,
you're asking me to take the Koolaid and fucking brush.
My teeth would.
But
Joe Rogan Lazy.
Even though my gums have lacerations on them,
which will allow the,
the secret liquid
liquid from the Koolaid get into my bloodstream.
I'm not willing,
I'm not willing.
It's a,
it's,
I want everyone in the Joe Rogan universe to tweet them on the fuck out of him
because Joe Rogan is the fucking map alcohol.
There's a lot of douchebags that are me 20 years from now.
They're going to fuck that guy.
The reality,
I'm going to say,
I like Joe Rogan.
I like red band death squad.
Powerful.
I love all you guys.
I love you three hours in five minutes.
Listen Shane,
you're a bad motherfucker.
Fuck you.
I gotta Tell Ya,
this is very,
very unusual podcasts but all podcasts,
but my favorite one of our time.
Yeah,
it might be up there.
It's probably number one.
Yeah.
The only weird thing about this is we only have real meaningful conversations
with headphones and microphones and hold on,
I'm going to tell you this,
you guys like,
I seriously respect what the fuck you're doing.
And there are people out there in the fucking world are listening here and I got
to say,
I'm fucking stoked to be here.
And so if it's you and nobody can see me or maybe you can see me,
I'm pointing at you,
read back.
If it's you,
then fucking thank you very much.
Because you know what my favorite thing to do?
My favorite press ever like I have to do press all the time.
And by the way,
you don't even know what the fuck I'm talking about because vice sent fucking
Dennis Rodman to fucking,
uh,
North Korea.
We have the fucking only interviews with Kim Jong Il.
We have,
we have like number one fucking shit that ABC,
CBS,
NBC,
everybody fucking wants.
You know where I come,
I come to the Joe fucking Rogan podcast and I'll tell you why.
Because those are the only fucking people I give a shit about.
And that's why I'm here.
I love you fucking guys.
And by the way,
if that's your fucking Shit,
red redband great.
And by the way,
you don't have to choose me.
by the way,
and by the way,
you don't have to do this and you do it.
And I got to say,
I fucking love you guys and I love what you do.
And you can tell me to fuck off.
Listen,
we'd love you too,
man.
It doesn't,
there's no need for anybody to take any extra recognition for what the fuck.
No,
no,
no.
I know you're not.
What you're,
what you're trying to do is what any cool person tries to do as you're trying to
spread the love as far as possible to as many people as the piece of
people that listen to this fucking podcast or the people that I give a shit
about and I don't give a shit about that.
Well,
the people that you give a shit about the,
don't listen to this because they don't know about it,
but the,
the reality is that that the ethic of what Brian is trying to put forth and when
I am an unquestionably without a shadow of a doubt in my heart what you're
trying to put forward,
it is what resonates with a lot of the people that are sort of waking up in the
middle of history and looking at this crazy world that is handicapped and side
tracked and at hobbled by these ancient traditions that were written back when
people couldn't even fly fucking planes and didn't even have printed type and
there was no internet and w w unfortunately this distribution of information is
far more swift than the absorption of it amongst the people and the altercation
or the changing of the culture because of that information.
And you're,
you're at the front of the,
let me tell you,
you're in the front of,
you
sent
people to,
I have done none of this.
I put Brian on broom closet.
What is the Blue Cross Blue Shield for dental?
If we can finish with this one last thought about you just finished with this
one last thought.
What is this one last thought?
Why we need to wrap it up?
Can we just say,
I bought Daba Shabak Gazoo snowflake.
This thought is,
maybe it's about fucking dolphin,
right?
Alright.
Fuck the dolphins.
I love the dolphins.
I don't give a shit what you say,
right?
Team people.
Dave people,
teen people.
Goddammit.
Can I say one thing?
I love all you bitches and I,
everyone who's listening to this Joe fucking Rogan,
that squad.
Brian fucking red band.
Fuck all y'all.
Shane Smith.
Tom Gara,
Ari Shaffir,
Joey Coco Diaz,
soc
2012 oh,
whoops.
I guess that Shit didn't happen.
Day December 21st Daniel Pinch back.
Where the fuck were you when it apology and an explanation.
Where are we?
You let people know.
I want to apologize.
Frankie Boyle,
I got into a Trental Twitter altercation with him this weekend and I just want
to let you know,
Frankie,
you're retarded.
Targeted.
We're all retarded.
It's so k bu just
Ooh,
top front.
Just tough.
Rotten.
All right.
Keep it together,
bitch.
Shane Smith,
2013 the Soviet say the last drawer is coming in 93 years.
Um,
won't be here to see it.
See you next week.
Hey,
yeah.